Your interests range from living among native peoples, decoding ancient secrets, or looking through a microscope.

 Because in your quests you may really discover something, which wins you recognition, there is a good chance you will succeed.

Frequently though, double Aquarians become so mired in their unusual pursuits that they begin to lose touch with reality.

Or, on occasions, their discoveries are just so futurist that the rest of the world does not value them until many years later.

An Aquarius-Aquarius can often be spotted by that distant sparkle in their eyes and enthrallment is the key to their character.

The unusual, the unnoticed and the untested are things you are alert to.

You are always lost in thought with some new, burning interest and are high-strung and very energetic.

Your inquisitiveness and taste for the exotic are voracious.

You have a special type of intuition together with considerable intelligence and imagination.

You always look toward the future, and somehow seem to know what it will bring; this holds true even in the distant future.

But you do tend to be somewhat inconsistent and unclear.

Your concentration and enthusiasm usually weaken quickly even though you start a project with total dedication.

Friends are wary when talking to the thrill-seeking and unpredictable double Aquarius.

Your biggest issue is to find something that will focus and hold your interest.

There is an impulsive aspect about you that can be totally frightening and can cause people to keep their distance.

The fact is that you are an odd person and will not change anytime soon.

People who cannot accept this will be sadly disappointed.

You are attracted to work that permits a lot of freedom and independence and satisfies your never-ending curiosity.

Accepting your own uniqueness can perhaps let people find it easier to be comfortable around you.

Professionally, science and reporting are fields that might interest a double Aquarius.

You are insecure about yourself in spite of your magnetic and extroverted personality.

It is vital that you have many assorted, interesting associations because friends are important to you.

And associations are what they should be termed.

It is almost impossible for you to become actually intimate with anyone because you are so detached.

By the same token it is nearly impossible for you to hate someone, because you like to be a "friend" to everyone.

Others are drawn to you because you are unique and your charm is unusual, but some of your more eccentric characteristics and can also rebuff them by your extreme independence.

 You desire people to deal with things the way that you do because you are headstrong and impatient.

No matter how bright, flexible, and clever you may be, selfishness and impulsiveness often undermine your efforts.

You just have to be your own manager because teamwork is not your strongest asset.

Uneasy, high-strung, and always way ahead of everyone, both mentally and physically, you get mixed up and annoyed when you find that others cannot always maintain your pace.

Even though you have imagination, prudence and innovation, you are not as smart as you think you are.

The term that describes you most accurately, in fact, is individual.

Your manner is sophisticated and, while you are always nervous about communicating your newest ideas, you have a problem building a relationship with your audience, because your zeal to talk is rarely matched with an eagerness or capacity to listen to others.

When you meet what you feel to be ignorance or perplexity, you get worried and annoyed.

You believe the best protection is a strong attack.

But this tactic usually has the opposite result.

To compensate, you may adopt a hard offhand manner and you end up making more foes.

While there is a lot that needs to be handled, Aquarius-Aries can be the combination of the visionary dreamer and trailblazer.

You have to work on the emotional side of your personality for starters.

After that, develop a trust in people once you learn to treat others diplomatically and to value what they have to say, there will not be much you cannot accomplish.

You are impatient in romance just like you are in everything.

Others will judge you a fool as long as you evaluate them so unsympathetically.

Be a little more tolerant and understanding if you really want to reach some of those big dreams.

An applied scientist, social theorist, or inventor is possible in your future because of your brilliance.

Aquarius-Arians are always aimed at the future, and can generally be found at the head of their professions, working for progress and change.

Being more open to the insights and ideas of others is essential for you to learn.

Your intellectual development is ahead of your emotional development.

You have a short fuse and are inconsistent and your anger and indignation can be frightening.

You may become unreasonable and unpredictable if you feel threatened.

Underlying feelings of uncertainty and insecurity are the cause of this.

 You always view others as you would view yourself and are very aware of your own restrictions and a bit unsure of yourself.

You judge others with sympathy, acceptance, and patience.

Others sense your honesty and are drawn to your romantic and slightly offbeat approach, so they invariably feel comfortable with you.

Your combination is one of the most creative, attractive, and most of all perceptive.

It might look as though you are just a detached and remote Aquarian, but beneath that cool, intellectual surface is a very sensitive, understanding, and highly perceptive individual.

You have incredible intensity, insight, and instinct.

Two of your strengths are empathy and adaptability.

You can intuitively understand all sorts of people.

You are at home almost anywhere and there is nothing fake or arrogant about you.

There is no limit to your creative imagination.

You are capable of reaching your many dreams and goals because you are tuned in.

And you have really big dreams.

You tend to hold in pain and frustrations ad infinitum, which may cause psychological problems.

A great deal, obviously, rests on your early home situation and whether it was secure and emotionally encouraging and helped to develop a positive self-image.

But there is a self-sufficiency available.

All Aquarians can get security and a healthy outlook via social activities, no matter what their past is.

Your allure and affability almost assures support from friends and mentors later on in life if security was not present in the childhood home.

Your inquisitiveness about the world around you is inexhaustible and you are likely to have many pursuits.

Aquarius-Cancer combinations include Norman Mailer, Franklin D.

Roosevelt, and Clark Gable.

A Cancer Moon increases Aquarian incompatibilities and insecurities.

For example, men of this combination might attempt to make up for deep-seated fears and hide their emotional vulnerability by taking on a tough, macho surface.

Aquarius-Cancers can simply become eccentric recluses or that active Cancer imagination can cause a lot of paranoia.

While periodic getaways and withdrawal may be important to your emotional health, be careful that it does not become your only reaction to frustration or defeat.

In order to fight the more negative expressions of their imaginations all Cancer-Aquarians should stay socially active.

 You always work to create new forms of expression and application even though you are formal and conventional and have an enduring respect for custom.

Not many can match you for pure wit and persuasiveness and you are a formidable debater.

One of your biggest strengths is cold logic.

You are an excellent analyst, philosopher, and administrator because of your ability to coolly separate yourself from your emotions and see things objectively.

You are sociable, alluring, and enthusiastic like your fellow Aquarians, but you are essentially removed and extremely autonomous.

Individualism is your credo.

You are a strong believer in the rights and dignity of the individual.

You believe that you reap what you sow.

A sensible, determined Capricorn Moon together with the Aquarian imagination and prudence grounds you.

You have a look about you that suggests genius or, insanity for some.

You never lose your fundamental stability and practicality no matter how enthused you may be.

Thomas Edison, Abraham Lincoln and Charles Darwin are famous Aquarius-Capricorns.

Self-respect is part of your character.

In addition you are inventive and fearless about expressing your beliefs and views.

You believe the individual is completely accountable for himself and the flaws of others can consequently make you impatient.

Nevertheless, you do have deep humanitarian persuasions.

You are not mean or heartless.

Because you are so independent and secure it is hard for you to comprehend individuals who have psychological problems.

Tolerance is something you must learn.

More compassion is needed toward those who do not share your gifts.

Ambitiousness and the craving for recognition can become all powerful in some Aquarius-Capricorns.

Prejudice or emotion rarely color your views and you draw your conclusions exactingly from observation.

Unfortunately though, once you have determined your positions, you become stuck to them forever.

Fanaticism, in some Aquarius-Capricorns’ convictions can sometimes come into play.

You are extroverted socially.

You never lose that aura of isolation even though you are charismatic and pleasant, and this sets you apart.

People know that under that bright, cheerful facade is determination you keep hidden.

Friendship, as with all Aquarians, is fundamental to you.

You are shrewd in choosing friends, however, and prefer those who can help to improve your status and image.

 You enjoy toying with theories, ideas, and concepts, even very eccentric ones.

You are an intellectual, whether a dabbler or a deep scholar.

You also love to examine and explore, and your combination is frequently found in the charts of journalists.

Culture and people fascinate you.

You are outgoing and amiable.

You discover yourself by watching the lives and life-styles of others.

You are attentive, insightful, and particularly, mobile.

You are a very keen person.

Because restlessness and a continuous desire for freshness and excitement keep you on the move, there is not much you have not seen or done.

You obtain a worldly wisdom, which is without equal with the experience you gain from your travels, mishaps, and adventures.

As a reformer, you frequently become involved in projects and actions, which accent modification and innovation.

In some way you know just what tomorrow will bring and intuition is one of your best gifts.

However you live for the future so much that you frequently forget the delights and marvels of the present.

You are essentially unemotional but thoughtful to everyone you meet.

Because you are wrapped up in your own individuality, it is hard for you to have close emotional ties with anyone.

Therefore, regardless of how many friends you have, you will always be a loner.

You become bewildered and rattled if you encounter an emotional situation, and are never quite sure how to deal with it.

Luckily, your happy disposition makes up somewhat for your lack of emotional depth.

You are very idealistic but your compassion is kept for abstracts and ideologies.

You are not in the least romantic.

You will probably do well with the opposite sex due to your charisma and air of mystery.

It is difficult for you to be truly intimate because of your somewhat strong sense of freedom and overall objectivity.

Your beguiling and attractive nature is hard to resist and no matter how calm you may seem, you are really happy only when you think all eyes are on you.

Worldliness and wit are yours, and somehow you end up getting the attention you think you deserve.

Just be cautious that pride does not become an Achilles' heel.

Good health, adaptability, and talent are suggested by your combination because it is very harmonious.

You may just be gliding along because your life is pretty much free of trouble and inner divergence.

If you push yourself to the maximum of your capacities and reject the urge to just get by, it is probable that you will accomplish a great deal in life.

  Common to every Aquarius-Leo is confusion about who you are or who you should be.

However most finally resolve their difficulties by striking a balance.

Instead of denying yourself the rank and authority you long for, you will pursue an ambitious life.

Nevertheless, you will always remain thoughtful and sympathetic in your dealings with others.

You are a nice individual, a friend to everyone, and you treat others as equals because of your Aquarian nature.

However your Leo inner self is solid, dignified, and controlling.

In actual fact, you want to be the leader and exercise that authority.

You waver between assertiveness and over- accommodation, authority and compliance, but you want to be loved and valued by everyone, which often holds you back.

The two signs of your combination are totally different in essence and character, which gives you a multifaceted personality with many inner battles.

Your combination indicates great force, dedication, and purposefulness as well as a lot of intelligence.

You are always unsure of whether to rely on your heart or your mind, but decision-making may be hard for you.

As with all Aquarians, you see things from a separate, intellectual perspective.

However, because your Leo inner nature is very emotional, your heart nearly always has the last word in your life.

Many Aquarius-Leos are attracted to the metaphysical and occult and are frequently members of religious cults offering instant salvation.

Your extraordinary imagination and self-governing spirit need a constructive outlet for expression.

Both of your signs are fixed signs so you must be careful that obstinacy, arrogance, and bigotry do not stand in your path to success.

Like all Leos you long for admiration and attention and you have a strong sense of the theatrical, but your sporadic ostentation and kookiness are often funny.

You are prone to behaving on sudden, random hunches because you are impulsive.

Unfortunately this often turns out to be catastrophic.

Finally, through trial and error, you do well in anything you try, even though you are forgetful and absentminded.

You do learn from experience.

Dedication is one of your preferred words.

Devoted and honest, you are not happy until you have mastered whatever you do.

Your youth was probably a disaster or limited in some way.

Senseless revolt and inner chaos, especially in your youth, may have been the result.

 You treat everyone with acceptance, respect, and kindness and most people respond well.

You believe in the fundamental goodness of humanity.

Admiration and appreciation are the results of your optimistic approach to life.

Even though you are trusting and pleasant, confusion takes over when you learn that not everyone possesses your standards of honesty.

You are a bit unruffled but detached; nevertheless, you have a lot of allure and magnetism in your combination.

Your resourcefulness and innovation are focused on dreamy, social, and artistic enterprises.

You are comparatively free of psychological issues because, you state everything you perceive with complete openness and frankness.

You are a very symmetrical combination and all your many talents can find constructive expression.

Moreover, you are very optimistic.

Others more astute and crafty pass you by in life and you probably find yourself seeing this uncomprehending.

You have high ideals, but not everyone else does.

You need to develop a more pragmatic viewpoint.

Your nature is a dichotomy because while you love stillness and inner peace, you are also very high-strung and feel a regular desire to be active.

Therefore, your requirement for harmony can be elusive.

One of your best assets is your imagination.

Your mind is very visual and you have a very active fantasy life.

Just do not lose yourself completely to fantasy.

The source of many unreasonable fears might be your overworked imagination.

On the other hand if given the correct focal point and discipline, your imagination can be successfully applied in a lot of artistic and creative activities, chiefly music.

Human relations work might also be something you would like.

A socially oriented person is the result of your combination.

Friends are critical to you and your social atmosphere often determines your self-image.

You should be able to have a positive self-image if you have strong and supportive relationships.

Tension and conflict really upset your emotional well-being because you are a peace-loving individual.

Attempt to be in a work and home situation that is as free of stress as can be.

You need to get away sometimes for self-contemplation and meditation.

In your frenetic social involvements you can nearly completely lose your essence and individuality.

Refrain from being involved so much with others, and give yourself some time.

 You are a very kind and helpful person and are able to identify and sympathize with almost everybody.

Your innocent soul is humble, generous, and sensitive.

You know the difference between right and wrong because you have an innate sense of integrity and wisdom.

But your spirituality is not always synchronized with pragmatic common sense.

You have no cunning or shrewdness and are completely trusting.

Your faith in other is total and you would be eaten alive if other people were not so kind to you.

Fortunately people never fail to respond in a positive way to your innocence.

There is a dreamy look that Aquarius- Pisceans have and it seems they have just woken up and do not know where they are.

This approach is used in everything, as though existence is carried on in several dimensions.

If you see the entire world at once you get mixed up because you cannot really separate the parts.

It is possible a religious path might be for you because you are quite spiritual.

Some Aquarius-Pisceans are even drawn to the monastic life.

Furthermore, you may be especially tuned in to the occult and the mysterious.

More mainstream people find this quite odd about you.

Sri Rama Krishna, the founder of the Vedanta Society, represents a very evolved Aquarius-Pisces.

Your imagination is strong and you have a very visual mental framework.

Given the right motivation and teaching, you might be an artist or other creative entrepreneur.

However you must acquire some direction and discipline from others to be successful.

Without this you are a ship with no rudder to guide you to your destination.

You are a sponge for the stress or feelings around your environment.

That is a strong influence on you.

Meditating, reading or listening to music from time to time is good for you.

However you must be careful that isolation does not take you away from involvement with others.

High technology or heavy competition is not suited for you as a career.

Involve yourself in a profession where you can use your compassionate and humanitarian feelings.

Or perhaps think in terms of using your powerful clairvoyant skills.

Because of your detached character, people might think that you are uncaring.

Aquarian detachment may lead others to believe that you are not very sensitive, but the opposite is actually true.

 While academically inclined, you think that experience is the best teacher and results the best kind of knowledge.

You prefer to learn and create your own worlds and ideals instead of relying on the established or the academic.

You have a desire for exploring the globe, especially when you were young and your desire for independence reached its summit.

Settling down and utilizing your talents does not come easily.

The hardest choice for you is to give actual expression to some of those visions of the future by focusing your talents in a single direction.

You are tolerant and fond of the unusual as well as very self- sufficient and imaginative.

You enjoy the theoretical and the philosophical and you are a deep thinker.

Your combination can result in the irresponsible drifter, happy to roam from one new experience to another, always trying new things, but never learning anything.

Inspiration is the essence of your being, but regrettably yours is not always in the realm of practical reality.

You get bored with the old and you always look for innovation and exploration.

There are many dilettantes in the unique combination of Aquarius-Sagittarius.

You are admirable and meticulous, but any obligation to study or work too frequently feels like a burden.

This makes it extremely hard for you to develop the control and commitment necessary to accomplish anything meaningful.

You attract people to you because of your positive viewpoint and your informal, irreverent manner.

Because you are eccentric some may believe you a bit odd, like all Aquarians.

Furthermore, some of your more alternative interests may seem a little bizarre to the majority of people.

You are not especially interested in the mainstream or conventional.

Because you prefer it that way you will always choose your own way.

You are a dreamer and a romantic in matters of the heart.

Furthermore your inquisitiveness relative to the opposite sex is endless.

Consequently, you will surely have a lot of affairs.

Your independent nature is commendable and attests to your courage, but it is important for you understand how to adapt to life's realities.

The rebelliousness may last late into life, and finally all that nonconformity may seem like it was just self-interest.

There is little you cannot achieve if you can learn to check that propensity.

Members of your combination include Charles Lindbergh, Charles Dickens, and Mozart.

The Sagittarius Moon can raise up the original imagination and innovation of Aquarius, and bring about a very creative and groundbreaking individual.

That is possible in politics, the arts, or the sciences.

 You will not be told what to do or how to handle your life.

Regardless of the number of mistakes, the responsibility is all yours in the end.

Rarely listening to the counsel of others, you follow your distinctive path in life.

However your obstinate pride can be your ruin because there is a fundamental clash in your combination.

On those you encounter, you always leave an enduring and forceful feeling.

You are a bit too charismatic to be a plus in your character.

The impression you leave will be either great or awful, because there is nothing middle-of-the-road about you.

Actually, extremism is the most significant trait of the Aquarius-Scorpio.

Stubbornness is your negative, but you have very strong needs, unbelievable determination, and a huge respect for your own freedom.

Your Scorpio Moon is sharp and a bit self-centered but an Aquarius Sun gives you powerful compassion and a need to serve society.

Thus, you are never certain whether to just work towards fulfilling your own desires or follow the call of your lofty ideals.

Most Aquarius- Scorpios decide to fulfill the demands of their egos and frequently, guilt is the consequence.

As with all those with a Moon in Scorpio, you are always evolving and have the facility to come back from defeat.

There is a marked sense of mission and strong creative brilliance in some very evolved Aquarius-Scorpios.

It is entirely possible for a Scorpio Moon to strengthen, inspire and uplift Aquarians.

This can lead to a humanism that produces innovative scientists, thinkers, or reformers.

But first, materialism must be conquered.

You want comfort and acknowledgment above all, but in chasing your goals and dreams, you may lose perspective, becoming selfish and even cruel.

While you are willing to experiment and are flexible, your Scorpio Moon gives you innate prejudices and entrenched beliefs.

Some of them are a bit wild.

You can become puzzled and irate when you note that others do not share them.

Your signs are both fixed signs, which says that when things get difficult, rather than be flexible, you are more likely to break, and take out your anger on others.

Developing a more relaxed and, especially, tolerant viewpoint is important.

Emotional inflexibility and a sanctimonious attitude are not productive.

The good news is, you have the capability to renew yourself.

 You are a total individualist who sets broad, sweeping goals for yourself.

People will follow you anywhere because you are a born leader.

You are quite happy to lead them.

An Aquarius-Taurus often feels a marked sense of duty to humanity.

Some members of this combination include Adlai Stevenson and Ronald Reagan.

Your conniving plans are sometimes ostentatious and some of them are just plain laughable.

You can be a hardnosed and fearsome opponent when challenged and you are very confident.

In your combination, transcendent, idealistic, and caring Aquarius is balanced by sensible, emotionally stable, and secure Taurus.

You are somewhat too charming for your own good.

Your romanticism and lofty perspective are tempered by astuteness and pragmatism.

Your mind is keyed to the theoretical and you enjoy thinking and acting on a grand scale.

You are aware of your worth.

You are obstinate and will never compromise your ideals, but your beliefs and convictions may change periodically.

You are not impulsive like other Aquarians.

Before starting on a course of action, you prefer to plan and deliberate, but sometimes you consult the fortunetellers.

Your self-importance and stubbornness can essentially take you over and cause arrogant, self-satisfied and even obsessive behavior.

It is crucial that you learn to be easier going and open to alternative thoughts and opinions.

Failing to curb your bias and obstinacy can easily ruin your wonderful plans and dreams.

You are friendly and affable, socially.

Your faithfulness and concern are limitless and you think of your friends as your brothers and sisters.

You are highly superstitious.

If it seems rational, because you are determined to put your ambitions into action, you will take a chance.

People have a high regard for your self-control and are drawn to your style.

No matter how eccentric you can be at times, the confidence that others place in you is justifiable because you are totally trustworthy.

If you are not victimized by your own faults, you will be able to achieve a lot in life.

You run the risk of becoming too rigid in your positions and demeanor or foolishly stubborn and biased.

When you were young you were experimental, toying with various political theories and life-styles, but once you decide which are best for you, then you stay with them.

Having made up your mind about something, you stick to it.

 Your Virgo Moon provides a fundamental sense of obligation, responsibility, and competence.

You tend to hold your affections back for big causes and for humanity as a whole, because you are drawn to the conceptual.

Your combination is perfect for medicine, social work, or anything where you need to remain objective relative to the suffering, providing services with reason and detachment.

While you share being tolerant, thoughtful and friendly with other Aquarians, you are also very distant.

Your objectivity is one of your strong points.

While you are sensitive, you are essentially a thinker, and your ability to calmly detach yourself from your surroundings allows you to see things dispassionately.

Your powers of scrutiny and insight are matchless.

Sadly, a lot of Aquarius-Virgos examine themselves and everyone else straight out of existence.

Life is mental rather than the heart and soul for you.

You favor the rational approach to life far away from emotional issues.

You have a very deep sense of duty.

All of those with a Moon in Virgo find their greatest fulfillment in working hard.

Keeping active with outside projects is essential for you.

Psychosomatic issues can result from overwork or overexposure to tense or stressful situations.

Form and structure to Aquarian inspiration and idealism come for the Virgo Moon.

Wonderful creative expressions are possible from some individuals because of their intellectual prowess.

Gertrude Stein and James Joyce are two examples of Aquarius-Virgos.

Romance is not your thing in a relationship because your emotional reserve curbs intimacy.

You are a faithful, generous, devoted partner on the positive side.

Your combination has a lot of people who go through life feeling somewhat disaffected from those around them, but who are bright and creative.

Hazy beliefs of superiority might cause you to have a conceited or superior attitude.

Avoid insulating yourself behind a barrier of intellectual aloofness and relate to all kinds of people.

Because you are so insightful you may become very critical, uptight, and easily disgruntled when things do not live up to your expectations.

Accuracy and precision are your goals, but do not let them dominate you.

A more broadminded and stress-free outlook needs developing or you will undergo a lot of stress.

 Management of your life is easy because of your sense of what will happen.

Essentially, you have a fairly clear vision of tomorrow before you at all times.

This gives you a feeling of confidence.

Being human, however, there are certain issues you must deal with.

In your case, they are an inflexibility and self- importance.

Your personal relationships tend to suffer because you are uncompromising and believe you are right.

You are speedy in everything and go all out all the time.

Unfortunately, you are always wondering why others cannot keep up with this superhuman pace.

You are independent, moody and anxious a lot of the time.

The Aries combined with Aquarius reveals an individual who is a pathfinder and in search of adventure.

The new, the novel and the interesting are what you seek.

You are very decisive and filled with tremendous energy.

On the Aquarius side, there is an imaginative person trained on the future.

Your main feature is a tuned intuition.

On the intellectual front, you are fine because you are a tolerant humanitarian.

Sometimes you are unaware of other people’s feelings because you are assertive in your individuality.

This blindness may cause you to appear arrogant.

The thoughts, feelings and ideas of others need to be heard.

You may be excited about some idea you have, but patience regarding the pace of others should be taken into account.

There is unpredictability in you under your charming façade.

Your individual autonomy is something you guard carefully and this means you do not like to get involved with individuals or groups.

You can allow this to be almost a phobia if you let it go unchecked; from romance to the job you need to allow some freedom of movement for things to work.

In order to be happy in your job and be successful, you must have as much liberty as possible.

The unexamined, the new and the radical appeal to the inventive side of you.

You are fun to be with, but you are also subject to temper tantrums and emotional explosions.

A shotgun blast of anger does burn itself out quickly but you must learn to manage these flare-ups.

Some of this needs to find a constructive means of release.

Your Moon in Aquarius means you can be grumpy.

To avoid some of these stumbling blocks, you would be wise to make an effort to avoid stressful and tense situations.

   A bright fresh charm attracts others to you, as does your love of life.

On the other hand, your insensitive nature can keep people from getting too close.

Making time to listen to your friends’ problems or to help them with advice is difficult for you.

You have the highest degree of intuition as well as intelligence.

There is some selfishness and acting without reflection on the part of the Aries-Aries combination.

This is coupled with impatience; all of which is left over from childhood.

A store of energy that cannot be depleted drives them.

A full life of experience is what you strive for, and you hold that there is nothing that can replace this.

Like a daredevil, there is a foolhardy and recklessness in your character.

Essentially it is a challenge that is wanted, whether on the job, in love or just life itself.

You need to listen more carefully to what others say because you are not infallible.

Think things over prior to acting and do not be so impatient to do something.

There is a tendency for Aries-Aries natives to forget things quickly and live in the present.

Behaving like this can lead to the repetition of mistakes.

There is no substitute for the best teacher and that is experience.

You also need to find an outlet for all that store of energy.

In order to succeed in various parts of your life it is necessary to have physical activity of some sort.

This is also significant for physical well-being.

You need to work on being a bit more sensitive in your relationships with others, particularly your romantic partner.

Their needs, desires and emotions are of importance for a good relationship.

You have a fundamental selfishness under your passion and enthusiasm, as you seek out love.

You are prone to see love as a sport and, in addition, you have a strong sex drive.

A closed and strict routine would certainly never permit happiness for you, because variation and challenges are what your inner motivation needs.

A career that has a lot of responsibility and stiff competition brings out your best work, but you need to have something that does not enclose you in boredom and frustration.

Positions of this nature could actually damage or destroy your sense of self.

Working for progress and change brings out your pioneer spirit and you are the pathfinder in that regard.

Aries-Aries individuals are often successful in the area or Medicine and Science.

Surgery is a good choice and also in social activism.

   This combination is something of a mismatch because the Aries part is restless, driven, and fearless, but the Cancer personality is careful, cautious and security driven; someone who is fluctuating and lacks in security.

The result is an emotional side that wants to be careful and have a solid sense of security, but at the same time, an ego that wants excitement, challenge and risks.

You are crafty and emotionally deep like a Cancer, but also have a fire driving you like an Aries.

Security in the areas of home, money and emotions are a very important part of you and something that will be in charge of a large portion of your life choices.

This mismatch will result in some of the issues you face in life because your situation is practically impossible.

After this split is dealt with, there are a lot of possibilities for the Aries-Cancer.

Your total potential can be released if you set up a strong emotional foundation for yourself.

The combination of a powerful and creative Cancer with an Aries, who is so dynamic, clever and aware, can not only overcome childhood issues, but also be very successful in life.

Be careful, however, with swift mood changes stemming from the highly sentimental and emotional person deep inside, mixing with the dictator part of your personality.

An explosion is possible because you tend to stuff your anger down for a long period of time until you decide to release it.

This is another one of the challenges you face in life.

You need to refrain from being upset with your natural feeling of being courageous and certain about your talents.

Possibly your early home situation was not a happy one in some way or was even disrupted, bringing about a conflict with your Sun and Moon.

Your childhood is almost certainly the source of this fixation with security and making it such a high priority.

A home environment that is different from what you had in your youth is craved because you want to compensate for the situation you were in.

You need to be cautious that you do not overdo things in this department and arrest your leadership skills and talents for being innovative.

   For the most part, your desire for respect will be fulfilled because you have the necessary qualities to earn it.

You possess the mental framework and are practical enough to balance your natural Aries' zeal and desire to initiate things.

Internally you are careful, calculating and detail oriented, and that goes together with your strong motivation.

Work is important, but less out of duty than out of boundless ambition.

Unfortunately, you can be merciless and opportunistic in your pursuit of a goal; so much so that cruelty is possible because often the end justifies the means for you.

The top items on your priority list are your financial goals and they can dominate you.

Your desire is to be powerful and have a high position and this is your primary interest, even though you are a friendly and generally kind individual.

These individuals can ride the road to success with you after they have acquired your friendship.

By the same token, those who help you are not forgotten because you are a very loyal person.

You can, however, be a serious opponent if you are challenged or menaced in any way.

Perhaps because of personal reasons, you had to assume a lot of responsibility when you were quite young.

There was not much time for play, socializing and fun then, but it was good training for adulthood and the goals you seek.

Your ambition in this regard might stem from this early responsibility.

You are probably motivated to prove yourself again and again, in spite of your dynamic personality and decisive character, because of a deep-seated insecurity.

Relentless anxiety or depression might be the result of this.

More self-respect and acceptance could help you remember that being on top is not everything in life.

Management and administrative positions are probably your best areas for a career.

As you move up the ladder of success, you will be challenged to be more understanding and tolerant of others.

Activities such as reading and meditating are recommended.

Seeing a wider picture of your world and noticing the emotional and academic side of things can help round out your character.

Your personality is magnetic as well as dynamic, and other people respond to you as a mature and responsible individual.

Respect from your colleagues is sure to come your way.

In a strange twist, your manipulation of others to suit you is to their benefit.

   Your presence is always felt by others, partly because of your talkative nature, but also because of your movements, which are non-stop.

If something comes into your mind, whether it is an idea, emotion or thought, you talk about it and sometimes very emphatically.

Furthermore, you have an authority figure mentality and believe that you are always correct.

 The easily excited Gemini is tense and superior at communication, while Aries is speedy, driven, and flexible.

A golden tongued, fast acting individual with tons of energy and motivation is the result.

You have a very strong sense of freedom about you and are a unique individual.

Solutions as well as answers come easily for you and you have a steady mind.

This tendency to communicate everything can tire you out as well as those around you.

Another caution is that your sense of humor can be mean and direct sometimes.

Others might very well think you are aggressive if you are not careful.

Allow others their chance to speak and give up dominating a conversation.

Relax, think a bit and refrain from being so self-directed and stubborn.

You are a very popular person in spite of all of this and the reason is your confidence and knowledge, which you wear on your sleeve.

People cannot help but respect and look up to you.

If you are ignored or unappreciated, that is about the only time that you will brood.

This is one of the rare occasions where you will get exceptionally and memorably angry.

Being edgy is one of your traits and as a result, you need to have meaningful places to release your strength and energy.

You have a natural talent for grasping everything around you quickly.

An open minded and flexible partner is best for you, but you need to learn how to appreciate such a partner just as you do yourself.

You need a partner who is tolerant and receptive to that constant flow of ideas.

You do not miss anything in your environment.

You let a fake person know immediately what you think because of your ability to spot them and your desire to communicate.

On occasions you put people off because you do not beat around the bush.

Keeping some things to yourself is something you need to do sometimes.

Work is an excellent outlet for you, but the key is to stay busy and put your inventive, original talents to use.

These talents are wide ranging and there is very little that you are not good at.

The Aries-Gemini personality can be excellent at everything from science and engineering to investigative reporting and law.

   You are someone who needs attention and sometimes you go a bit overboard being dramatic in order to get it.

You have a clear presence that gets you attention; however you still use your clothing and behavior to acquire it.

A condescending attitude toward others is possible, but you laugh easily and are generous and this essentially compensates for that.

You have a strong loyalty that makes up for your lofty persona and your intuition is generally reliable.

That means that you generally know who to be loyal to and how to go about it.

One of the main features that you have is being yourself, which is very much an individual who marches to the beat of your own drummer.

You have the courage of spirit to be real, to be creative, coupled with an ambition and assertiveness that makes you a unique individual.

This results in a person who is the paradigm example of an Aries; one who strives to attain power as well as status along with creativity.

Defensiveness and self-justification are foreign as far as your character is concerned, thanks to your inborn confidence deep within you.

Generally, you know that you are right and do not feel the need to justify your concepts or opinions.

You are someone who attracts other people to you with your determined spirit and bold personality and this makes you a confident leader.

As frequently as not, your inclinations are correct, but your judgment is sometimes a bit lacking.

Professionally, you are best suited for any career in which your executive and creative strengths can be put to use.

The creative strength can be combined with your innovation and decision making and bring you success.

You must, however try to be less biased.

A role that some associate with being for males is fine for you.

You should not be intimidated by your own assertiveness.

When you are young this is especially true.

It is very likely that you will seek a professional career.

Self-deception is always a possibility for you, particularly relative to trusting others.

Others do not always live up to your expectations and often this surprises you.

Caution needs to used to protect against immoral people who take advantage of your trust.

Most often this is simply a matter of putting your antenna up and using you excellent intuition.

You are somewhat fixed in your opinion in spite of the fact that you are a pathfinder in many ways.

You seem to have fixed ideas and beliefs in your mind and often do not want to give them up.

   You are the type of person who practically rejects reason and even good advice in favor of intuition and impulse.

If romance or adventure comes your way, you may very well drop everything and pursue it.

You have a three dimensional personality that attracts others because you are quite intelligent and have so much vitality.

In many ways you are precisely the adventurer and pathfinder that you believe yourself to be.

You are the type who actually does go out and discover what you want and are not one who just sits and dreams.

It does not matter if others have discovered things before you, you want to make your own map and discover them for yourself because of your natural curiosity.

You probably have, as an Aries-Libra, a million projects going at the same time in order to placate your independent spirit.

You are an extreme individualist and you want to find out about life and yourself - but on your own terms and in your own peculiar way.

In that quest, you will leave no stone unturned.

Sometimes you seem insensitive, but the fact is that you are not.

It is simply a matter of you having difficulty cooperating with others sometimes because you prefer your own vision and your own way.

A sedentary job sitting behind a desk is not for you because in spite of your intelligence, you usually have trouble concentrating.

Real accomplishment might be difficult because your determination can get you into trouble.

Dissatisfaction can set in along with anxiety in spite of your desire for challenges.

Aries-Libra people have an excellent sense of aesthetics and therefore something in the field of art, design or other visual art might be worthwhile for some.

Such a vocation is practically perfect because it can satisfy your need for change, both in terms of art itself, but also your needs for travel and challenges.

You have difficulty focusing and this leads to an anxiety and restlessness, which make it hard for you to see things through.

Consequently, responsibility can be an issue.

Your wanderlust is a disguise for shying away from your responsibilities and even yourself.

The solution is simple.

Seek out an occupation that gives you the excitement and change you need.

A careful and astute partner who keeps your impulses checked is best, but working alone is possible.

   A busy and aggressive adventurer is the personality of your Aries.

On the Pisces side, there is almost a passive and timid character and a very sensitive individual.

All of this makes it hard to actually be the dynamo that so many people think they see.

Your challenges are sometimes met with fear because insecurity stops you.

Fear often keeps you from confronting the challenges you encounter.

The Aries-Pisces mixture results in emotional conflict combined with excellent creativity.

Your spiritual journey from the Pisces side might lift your Aries such that great ideas can get a start.

Lack of certainty and a less than secure mindset can block the road to success and fulfillment.

There are two extremely different natures in one being here.

Due to childhood experiences, you get a deep sense of inferiority.

This prevents your natural decisive nature from opening up because you do not perceive things clearly.

It is critical for you to accept yourself.

A careful self-examination will show your powers and talents.

There is nothing lost in power with a sensitive individual.

Do not succumb to self-doubt, but rather work to understand your anxieties.

You have a great sense of fantasy and imagination and this can be either good or bad depending on how it is put to use.

In businesses involving speculation, you can employ your extremely sensitive skills of intuition and be successful.

A single dream led publisher Hugh Hefner, an Aries-Pisces, to establish a worldwide dream as a reality.

As for your sexual needs, your sensitivity and creativity are significant elements.

You can be the master of your fate by rising above insecurity.

Only after you have done so, will you conquer fear and become the master of your life.

You are a mirror for those around you and reflect back their general mood of things.

This comes from your sensitive nature.

Psychological support from friends and family is important so careful choices in who you spend your time with are important.

Keep your lines of communication free; otherwise there is a chance of loneliness and isolation.

Maintain a level of social activity.

Keep in mind that you can successfully deal with things you see as weaknesses by discussing them.

In terms of a career, possibilities are something in the creative fields of art, design, drama or even music.

   \You have a deep and real since of loyalty and you automatically assume others are like that.

Unfortunately, your good nature around this issue can get you in trouble, because of the existence of ill-intentioned individuals who take advantage of you.

Consequently, be careful in trusting others without becoming cynical and losing that wonderful naïve persona that you radiate.

You are acutely aware of your surroundings and, because of your curiosity, always have your eyes open for something new everywhere you go.

You do not want to miss out on anything.

There is, however, superficiality about you relative to what you are interested in and your pursuits.

In addition, your inability to focus for long means that you easily loses interest and move on to something new.

The issue here is a lack of concentration.

Here we have a Sagittarius, an idealistic person who loves philosophy and spiritual things, combined with the impulse driven and energetic Aries.

You have a distinct innocent curiosity in your approach to everything, as well as a sincerity that is appealing.

You are so charming as to be almost irresistible and people are naturally drawn to you.

What you need is a heavy dose of realism if you want to attain your dreams and those high goals you have established.

Because you often drift from project to project, you might never find your purpose in life and you know intuitively that you have one.

You might, if you are not careful, actually become a lifelong hippy as some Aries-Sagittarians do.

The good news is that, that finding your purpose or mission in life results in a dedicated and focused individual and you are very capable of being that.

You can become a fantastic leader in the areas of management and creativity because of your intelligence combined with your winning personality.

You always have the courage of your convictions.

Excellent examples are Charles de Gaulle and Thomas Jefferson.

Because of your contagious enthusiasm, you would also make an excellent educator and be very inspiring to your students.

You are so good at this you even liven up boring topics.

You are open about your feelings and do not repress them.

This probably stems from your honesty.

While some may see you as tactless, the fact is that you harbor no ill feelings toward people and are not a hypocrite.

    Excitement and thrill are always a part of your life.

You move ahead in the world because of great concentration and ambition.

You love competition as a result.

You are defiant and independent and at times this can be your undoing.

Aggression is hard for you to restrain and you do not accept compromise well.

Those who stand in your way get no sympathy and you have a drive for life that includes the entire spectrum of the spiritual, emotional and sensual.

Mars rules both of these signs and according to mythology Mars also rules passion and war.

The result is an aggressive person.

Regardless of what you do, fun generally involves a fight.

This includes business, love and life itself.

Doing something partway is not part of your character because you are an extremist in spirit and thought.

The result when you fail is a complete tragedy and when you succeed a total victory.

Advice should be listened to at times though, so the next time there is a disagreement, do not be so resistant and prepare for battle, but rather listen carefully.

You might learn something.

Others might have something helpful to say so compromise sometimes.

You are very creative and have an enormous amount of willpower, but you cannot really succeed until you learn to work in cooperation with other people.

Constructive and positive outlets need to be found for your aggression so they can be channeled for success.

Your concentration is good and you have an excellent intellect.

You want to dig deep with your pursuits and are not happy just to get superficial impressions.

There are Aries-Scorpio social activists, scientists and scholars.

You have the power of self-rejuvenation as do all Moon in Scorpio people.

You may get in trouble at times or even fail, but you always have the ability to bounce back.

You are a courageous and freedom loving person.

Sports like swimming, jogging or tennis as well as creative endeavors like art can release anger better than getting upset with your spouse, co-worker or children.

There is a pioneer inside you and great accomplishments are possible with your ambition and enthusiasm.

Exploration of the world and seeking adventure when you are young are very likely.

You can be very hard to control early in life though, so some professional training is a good idea.

Great success later in life is attainable if you are guided properly.

   You have a golden voice and you choose your words and gracefully.

This can help you with a career.

You have a great ability to persuade people carefully and this will assist you with your ambitions.

There is a need for security in your makeup.

You are dedicated to the work ethic.

Pleasure is high on your list of priorities and this includes sensual and natural pursuits as well as comfort, food and other pleasures important to you.

You have a sense for money.

Good things will come your way because of your excellent skills in management.

This interest in material possessions is capable of getting out of hand and becoming all-powerful.

Because you are fundamentally a kind person there is no hint of cruelty and ill-mannered behavior in you.

Dedication is a part of your character though.

It is this stubbornness, stemming from your Moon in Taurus that can get in your way.

Your Aries Sun Sign is in tune and focused.

You are an enthusiastic and energetic person.

You even put out a feeling of confidence and calmness.

You are different than other Ariens because of your patience.

You are careful and have a lot of sense, and that will guarantee success even though you are not as energetic as others of your sign.

Strong biases sometimes come to get in the way of your fundamental good sense.

Being flexible and compromising relative to different viewpoints would be wise.

Creativity needs freedom and that cannot be found in an environment of materialism.

You need satisfaction in terms of your sensual side, but you are not inclined to experimentation.

You want a stable relationship.

A problem with jealously can exist because of the inflexible approach you take to romance.

You can hold your feeling inside without communicating, but communication is something you do well.

You should learn to be freer with expression of your thoughts in general.

There is a master artist or other creative person in a lot of Aries-Taurians.

Being an artist or working in another creative area is a secret desire even though you are so good at business.

Even if the result leads to a more satisfying and meaningful life, you would never start down an uncertain path that could put your security at risk.

You should not fret and worry so much about finances because you will always have the security you want.

   You are a thoughtful and precise person who resists mistakes.

This makes you a bit of a perfectionist.

Obtaining a complete knowledge of something comes about because of your attention to details.

Your conservative perspective on life is not like most Aries.

Rather it is the result of both reason and experience.

There is a special calmness about you.

This might be because of the interacting opposites in you; confidence comes from Aries and shyness comes from Virgo.

You are not that impulsive and daring and, in general, you tend to be more careful than other Aries people.

The main reason for this is because your Virgo nature will restrain you a bit even though you have plenty of energy and are excited about many things in your life.

Your fine intellect and great ability to analyze is usually the area of your occupation and that is where your directness and power generally are directed.

You are torn between your basic shy personality and the part of you that wants to be daring and flashy.

This often results in an irreconcilable conflict in your personality.

Again, you are faced with the possibility of disappointment.

You can easily have a career as a doctor, lawyer or engineer because of your intelligence, attention to detail and concentration.

Admired for their sincerity, Aries-Virgos usually discover true success through their occupation.

Your lofty standards are something you try to live up to.

Overdoing things in that department should be guarded carefully against.

Furthermore, a caution is also in order because you are inclined to be a faultfinder in conjunction with work too.

Problems come about when people disagree with your ideas because you think you are always right and the best informed.

More tolerance pertaining to other views and lifestyles is needed.

Your mind, simply put, needs to be more open.

You should not be so judgmental.

You might be nervous, agitated and stressed out like a lot of people with a Moon in Virgo alignment.

Problems at work will almost surely bring this out.

You need to be careful to not take things out on those you love, who can be victims of these moods.

The combination can make your Aries side feel let down and frustrated.

The problem created here is that you need more self-acceptance and in order to move on.

   You have remarkably astute intuition and perception.

Others may find you somewhat self-important and assuming because you have always got a ready answer or belief.

You are one or two steps ahead of everyone else.

You become testy with those who fail to see things the way you do or who cannot understand the truth you may have just discovered.

Searching for new frontiers is the focus in your combination because of Cancer’s depth and sensitivity to their surroundings.

It can also bring about the flaky crank or fanatic, but ideally the result is the interested and devoted politician, humanist or researcher.

You are different than other Cancers because of that offbeat and unusual imagination of yours.

You are the first to experience something new and different and there is nothing very careful about you.

Your deep internal restless spirit pushes you on, as does your independent thought.

Either that will result in lasting achievements or absurd rebellion.

This impatience and intellectual arrogance can be your undoing.

Your complete apathy to the beliefs of others may cause you to lose out on much of what life can give.

When young, you no doubt saw yourself as a white knight, righting wrongfulness.

Eventually reality and recognizing your own limits either nurtured a more realistic viewpoint or led to a sense of disenchantment and, perhaps, acrimoniousness.

Cynicism may have come about.

Drowning yourself in some radical group that promises heaven is possible.

Fanaticism or passionate dedication to a cause or political theory may be an alluring last resort for the disenchanted.

That is not the case, fortunately, for most Cancer-Aquarians.

You may very possibly seek a technical or scientific vocation with your scientific mind and wild imagination, but your strong social consciousness could lead you into humanistic endeavors, politics or law.

You are dedicated to pursuing your own unique path toward wisdom, accuracy, and self-realization.

Many Cancer-Aquarians are haunted by mental disarray.

Your mind inclines toward drifting in the classroom, on the job or in discussions.

You dream about some new concept or unfinished project and stare into space, when you should be paying attention.

Locating something absorbing enough to hold your attention for a time is difficult because your curiosity is interminable.

You no doubt feel a strong sense of duty as all Moon in Aquarius natives do.

 You can feel misunderstood and let down because they do not place you on a pedestal.

You run into problems because you sometimes do not accept yourself.

You cannot be in the spotlight all the time.

There is no need to live life as though you can save the world and run from place to place trying to meet all kinds of impossible goals.

This can only result in ill health.

Be happy and grateful for who you actually are and do not worry about being super human.

Self-acceptance is the key.

There is a competition here between an aggressive and assertive Aries and a careful and sensitive Cancer.

The fact is though; it is quite difficult to live up to being a person who is all things to all people.

The scenario might be that you believe yourself to be a leader, but the insecure and careful Cancer side stops you from enacting those fantasies and delusions of grandeur.

Depression and moodiness can result if you do not keep up with the challenges of your dreams.

You are a very talented person and the Cancer-Aries is quite self-motivated.

Careers that might suit you are in politics, engineering or other things that involve projects emphasizing improvement.

Academia is also a possibility because of your strong intellectual abilities.

Discarding your idealistic image can open up several creative areas because of your abilities and talents.

You might have an inclination to think you are superior to others even though you are generous and polite.

This can cause serious problems for you.

The road to your career is sometimes blocked by your lack of patience and pride, in spite of your gusto and ambition.

You like to have attention and you can range from the being the ham to the sophisticate.

You are always trustworthy, truehearted and steady in your close friendships.

You are also a committed and tender partner who is extremely amorous.

There is a need to always believe you have someone on your side who gives support.

Your spirit and mind keep you ahead in school or work.

When things do not go as planned, you can throw aside everything you have worked for.

You do not take orders well and this means that being the subordinate is not easy for you.

You sometimes do not accept it and ruin your chance for advancement.

A Cancer-Aries probably has the most difficult challenge in overcoming self-importance.

You are high-spirited, friendly and outgoing in a social setting.

 The emotional sensitivity and depth of the Cancer, however, along with your astuteness and ability to erect stronger barriers between you and your environment at the same time as you become more sensitive, combines with your resourcefulness, intelligence and refinement.

You either withdraw deep inside your fortress or utilize your natural ability in the face of the aggressive and hostile world.

You saw and dealt with the uncongenial world around you in your youth, which was probably a test.

Through careful examination, you ascertained the most dependable and certain way to move through a very irregular world at that time.

You held onto this habit once it was set in motion.

The double Cancer wants protection from the time of childhood until their old age.

Nearly everything for them is self-protection.

Building metaphorical castles to protect you and preparing your defenses occupies a lot of time for you.

In kind of dual points, this gives you huge weaknesses and terrific strengths.

Your Cancer Sun is magnified along with the Cancer Moon.

You keep a low profile and are humble in your lifestyle and interaction with others.

You can have big swings of depression and high spirits, with ebbing and flowing feelings and responses.

You can, on one hand, have a deep understanding of the mood of people close to you or, on the other hand, your over extended sensitivity may cause you to stave off people altogether.

Phobias and fears of assorted varieties are also possible psychological results, but once dealt with you can be creative.

You are astute at finance and have an excellent vision when it comes to business.

A spiritual path may call you because many Cancer-Cancer people are quite religious.

You move through life adapting your strategy and personality to handle the moment, even though you are active all the time.

Instinctively, you are aware of what others expect of you and this makes you an excellent tactician and diplomat.

There is nothing more fearful to you than vulnerability, so in a battle you never go at an opponent straight on, but rather circuitously.

Total withdrawal is possible if your environment is truly hostile or threatening, favoring complete closing off with others.

That others do not care much about what you are hiding would probably surprise you.

Your ego is actually the cause of your serious paranoia.

 Your insight into people is extraordinarily good because of your experience.

This gives you prohibitions and conflicts even though it provides special perceptions for you.

You do not feel fearful of a future that is not certain like most Cancers.

Your goals are very high as the result of your ambitions and desire for recognition.

Your Capricorn aspect is goal oriented, distant and rugged while the Cancer part is benevolent, unsure and emotional.

This obviously puts the signs in some opposition.

You have inner disputes trying to solve issues and you need to build yourself up because of this.

Inner firmness of purpose and determination have helped you over the early obstructions that in all likelihood you experienced in your childhood environment.

This made you a self-examining and calculating person, especially for a Cancer individual.

You are a quite serious person and learn things easily.

Your strong Capricorn inner nature finds opposition from the gentler Cancer.

You are in need of proving yourself for inner satisfaction as well as recognition from the world at large.

You have a somewhat unique approach to life and you are never happy with external impressions.

You approach it with a view towards change and novelty no matter what you do.

Galileo the astronomer and the writer Ernest Hemingway were both members of your combination, and their work shows the totally different nature of the Cancer-Capricorn perspective.

Seclusion is something that you desire, but while that may be good in limited amounts, too much can bring about alienation from the world around you and feelings of not being good enough.

Depression, disappointment and withdrawal can come about with your continual dissatisfaction to achieve this.

Even turning to drugs or alcohol are possible in severe cases.

Try to recognize you have gifts and learn to appreciate yourself, while accepting you limitations.

You have strengths that need to be acknowledged and it is OK to be sensitive in life sometimes.

You need to work on accepting yourself and loving yourself.

You can accomplish anything after you have learned to make peace with your inner nature.

Capricorn's realism, organization, and aspirations combined with Cancer's vision and intuition can give you an excellent business sense.

 You have a lot of demands on you as well as assorted perceptions and you find introspection hard because of your busy mental schedule.

You tend to want to help everyone and adapt to everything because you are kind and sensitive.

No one can do this though.

Try to fulfill your own dreams rather than worrying about fulfilling another person’s dream.

Your feelings at any given moment may just be a reflection of the environment.

You have a lot going for you including a great memory with the ability to learn a lot.

In addition to intelligence, you are humorous and sophisticated.

Furthermore, you are very perceptive and an excellent critic.

Gemini is, of course, restless by nature and wants a lot of variety in addition to being curious.

Sensitivity and intuition combined with being impressionable are hallmarks of a Cancer.

This combination is not without it difficulties though.

Yes, there is the friendly spirit and excellent mind.

Belligerent and tense situations make you that way as do, on the positive side, peaceful and calm ones.

You tend to take on the emotional situation you find yourself in and it is difficult, accordingly, to discover what your real life situation and true goals are.

Your intellect, imagination and inventiveness can be an asset in your profession but you are not decisive enough to be in management.

A career in media or advertising is a possibility or something in the arts would be a good choice.

You are not great about keeping promises and your loyalty is spread very thin.

Very assertive and strong partners are a bit of a challenge for female Cancer-Gemini individuals and they might lose themselves as a result.

Someone who is freedom loving and open minded like you is the best sort of partner for you.

You cannot hear yourself because of the noise around you.

A famous person who kind of illustrates a lot about Cancer-Gemini people is Henry David Thoreau.

His important work was done in an environment of quiet and solitude.

Be more honest with yourself about what you want.

Learn to be more self-assertive.

Try to learn what it is that you really want, what your own goals are and then, after you know, go after them.

First impressions are generally the right ones for you so trust them and depend on them.

While it is true that Cancer-Gemini people work well in a structure and organized situation, you should make decisions for yourself.

 You know yourself well so you do not mind expressing your feelings and thoughts.

Your lack of inhibitions along with personal appeal, self-confidence and magnetism, add to your success.

You want the applause, credit and position that comes with success because your Leo nature needs it.

Here we have Cancer with the bravery to be creative and Leo with the imagination and sensitivity.

The result is a gifted mixture.

Succeeding at anything you set out to accomplish is the result of your adeptness and talents and this provides confidence.

Unlike most Cancers, you do not feel the need to guard your emotions.

You believe that you have earned esteem, appreciation and sometimes adulation and you will be content only when this is provided.

You almost certainly have very powerful creative drives.

The arts have probably called you at one time or another during your life.

There is a wide variety of things that interest you in this area including design, film, writing, music, and architecture.

You are prone to taking setbacks so hard that you let a martyr complex consume you.

Sitting back and moaning about the world not acknowledging your genius because it is so blind and callous is possible.

Learning things from defeat is something you need to do.

Experience and good advice can assist you and you need to know this or you will lose a bright future.

Others are often attracted to you because you have a strong need for credence and thus your benevolence and magnetism draws them.

Manipulation to gain an advantage from others is something to be cautious of.

You are kind and generous but you always put yourself first.

A couple of issues for you are conceit and pride.

Criticism is something you have difficulty dealing with even though you are patient and strong-minded.

Furthermore, there are problems you have taking the reversals or normal defeats that all talented people must run into in moving toward success.

Part of this stems from stubbornness.

No one can deter you at times from the feeling that you are right.

You often wonder how anyone can question you.

Your downfall might just be a high-minded inflexibility in your attitude towards change or learning.

Your first defeat, after a super quick start and strong gains, can be crushing for you.

Recovery from wounded pride and conceit comes very slowly in your case.

 You often follow the road that your peers, parents or authority figures have gone down, and a lot of your disarray comes from not doing what you feel.

You can easily give into self-consciousness, shyness, excessive self-examination and maybe even closing yourself off when your desire to defend yourself or shield your feelings takes priority.

Learn to control your surroundings because your environment can often dictate to you.

This is particularly true when you choose friends and associates.

When combined with the Moon in Libra, the emotional anxieties and the shyness of Cancer are magnified.

Your quest for internal peace and quiet is held back by your emotional vulnerability and high degree of sensitivity.

How you perceive yourself often takes a back seat to how others see you.

You sometimes lose your way in the attitudes and roles of those around you.

This is because you are so busy watching what others are saying and doing.

Somehow you believe you will find yourself there.

A positive and supportive situation will result if you do.

Your opinions are just as good as others and you should learn to speak up more and be confident.

Perils and occasionally daring are sometimes necessary to take advantage of opportunities.

You are very romantic and long to be needed.

The sexual aspect is not as important as the romantic and sentimental side of romance for you.

You often completely ignore the bad traits in your partner and build up the good ones to almost unreachable heights.

You need emotional support and encouragement at every turn and you will practically worship a person who gives it to you.

Your endowments are inside of you and you need to search for various ways to express them.

You can rid yourself of fears and meet larger challenges after you have acquired more self-confidence.

You are extremely creative because of your powerful imagination.

A Cancer-Libra has numerous artistic opportunities if they have gained enough confidence.

You have a knack for singling out the sources of stress and conflict and this would make you an excellent diplomat and a natural conciliator.

You can apply you social skills in wide ranging areas like psychology, sociology, law or public relations once you achieve emotional balance and harmony.

 You have overpowering spiritual and selfless urges that the highly developed Cancer-Pisces often has.

You feel the call for protection even though you may be a saint in essence.

Like all impressionable, highly sensitive and sharing individuals, you protect your emotions to avoid being harmed.

The Cancer-Scorpio hides behind privacy and all Cancers have their special defense mechanisms; arrogance for Cancer-Leo, and using an offence as a defense for Cancer-Aries.

Role-playing is your special defense.

Yours is the most tenderhearted, sensitive, and sympathizing of all the Cancer signs.

Needless pain, inhuman treatment, or unfairness automatically repulses you.

You have a strong desire to reach out and assist others because you are authentically concerned and always ready to give of yourself.

Worrying that his sensitivity is a form of helplessness, a male Cancer-Pisces may try to feign an aggressive persona.

He is hoping to hide his feelings with an obvious show of manliness or macho.

In hopes of being swept off her feet and forever protected, a female Cancer-Pisces may utilize an excessively feminine role.

So afraid are they of showing their true selves, both genders risk assuming roles that are completely at odds with their real natures.

Continuous role-playing is a manner of self-deception and escapism even though it is sometimes required in order to get along in life.

You have a wonderful and unique personality and if you learn to make good use of your talent to fantasize, it will be an excellent way of handling stress and anxiety.

You may be successful as an artist or in other creative area if you do not lose your hold on the actual world.

Moreover, education, medicine, counseling and law are ideally suited for you.

You learn with amazing speed.

You have an excellent memory and are a quick learner.

You rely on others for centering and inspiration because you are essentially passive.

Highly motivated individuals are whom you should associate with.

Most of all be true to yourself.

See sensitivity as a strength.

You can cut yourself off from your happiness by denying part of yourself.

It is not necessary for you to build a protective wall around yourself since your combination shows constancy, wellness, and luck.

Being who you actually are will let you feel far more satisfied and content.

 You have a nature that is two-sided and like most Cancers, a personality that needs a home, vocation and security.

At the same time the Sagittarius side wants adventure, romance and freedom in general.

This dream will always be a part of you even though you might be more conventional with your profession and lifestyle.

Your Sagittarius Moon gives you optimism, faith and hope for the future so you are not the ordinary gloomy Cancer.

You are open-minded and cheerful no matter how many difficulties you are encountering.

You have a positive outlook on life.

There is a spirituality about you and this makes you idealistic and talkative.

Your lifetime has been one filled with lofty goals and numerous dreams and because you possess high standards, you do not settle for second best.

You have an expansive vision and find it difficult to narrow things down.

When you think of all the terrific things you are interested in, you can lose your sense of self.

It is hard for you to choose only one.

Your efforts can be sabotaged by these internal longings, particularly when you are overworked or have a lot of responsibility and drudgery in your life.

Do you sometimes instantly leave what you are doing and chase after some farfetched fantasy? Rather than abandoning your structure, projects and responsibilities, you should be sure to allow time for contemplation, music and travel.

You appear carefree and free-spirited in your social life and this implies an enthusiastic, outgoing and trusting person.

You are, however, a lot deeper than you generally seem to be.

You are fascinated by new ideas and are philosophically minded.

You dig deeper and are never satisfied with what is only on the surface.

You want the real and true meaning of things.

You find it hard to focus your affection but you are very trustworthy and loyal when you love someone.

Sticking with one partner might be difficult because you get bored easily.

Things that fulfill your desire to be an adventurer should be allowed too.

Get on a plane or train and permit your being to escape.

You always speak your mind directly and candidly.

You are fundamentally an emotional being and your tastes are frequently grounded in gut reactions.

You say things that are regretted later because your emotions are the boss and as a result you need to develop some tact or you will lose friends.

 Success in life is almost guaranteed because of your self-assurance and personal magnetism.

Cancer-Scorpios seem to just get things easier than others because they are just plain lucky.

You have both influence and respect because, no matter what you undertake, you just seem to be a winner.

This gets noticed.

You appear mysterious and you intrigue people because of your Cancerian protective exterior.

You do not want to share your inner thoughts so you are guarded about revealing feelings and reactions.

The Cancer-Scorpio person is not the Cancer who most people think they know.

They are not an insecure, timid, introvert that we usually read about.

The real shrewd and tenacious self is difficult to spot under your modest and mild mannered exterior.

You may seem unprepossessing and even modest, but it's not hard to discern your true inner shrewdness and tenacity.

Underneath that cool image of yours is a very intense, forceful, and determined individual.

You are a very emotional person beyond your exterior.

The situation you are dealing with or the person himself or herself determine your response and reaction to them.

Intuition is your decision maker and reason plays little or no role.

Your shrewdness and perception mean that you are almost always right.

You are always plotting your next move because you are so untrusting and suspicious.

Wrongs are never forgotten and you have a terrific memory.

Betraying you is not a good idea, because you will take your time and get your revenge.

You can be vengeful, vicious and petty.

You are up for experiencing anything like most competitive people.

You can go after pleasure, self-indulgence and sensuality as aggressively as you do you professional enterprises.

You take risks about whom you can trust and your sense is reliable in most cases.

Making fun of you is hazardous, because you are quite serious about yourself.

You, on the other hand, can be cruel, sarcastic and blunt about the weaknesses of others, which you can readily perceive.

Honing your sense of humor and tact would be a good idea.

Gloom and depression are things that you might suffer from, even more than other Cancers.

Your emotions need to be dealt with candidly and you should be less tightlipped about your feelings, including hurt and enmity.

Holding a grudge or pouting are not healthy.

You think life is an endless struggle and you are always on guard.

  You are excellent at figuring out and understanding others and you have a good degree of self-knowledge.

You have tested most of the defense and escape mechanisms that Cancers tend to use, but in the end, you depend on your own tenaciousness and wisdom as a protective cover against the difficulties in life.

You utilize these to permit you to feel more secure.

Even though you are thoughtful of others, you do not often follow their advice and listen to their suggestions.

The Taurus Moon gives you durability and determination that underlies your charm, innocence and a soft nature.

You have an astuteness, strength and assurance residing under that delicate and unsure outer layer.

You almost always go around with your guard up because you probably had some difficult time earlier in life and you do not want to be taken advantage of like you were before.

Adaptability is one of your strengths, but you do not lose sight of your own being.

Intuition guides you in a stubborn and unrelenting fashion and consequently it is hard for you to give up first impressions or forget previous transgressions.

You hold grudges.

Your ruination might be the result of this part of your personality if you do not learn to put the past behind you.

There is an original approach to what you do and you have a wonderful imagination.

This can serve you for good or for ill.

This is true because the same imagination can, unfortunately, cause irrational fears, doubts and even paranoia.

Be constructive with the use of your imagination and you can succeed at nearly anything creative.

A deep depression if you spend too much time in your fantasy life is possible, so you should try to stay based in reality.

Criticism is hard for you to grasp because you always think you are right.

Admitting you are wrong is almost impossible.

Shifting the blame for something to another is easy for you and you do it frequently.

If someone disputes what you say, you can get irritable and irrational with him or her.

The same holds true if you are emotionally threatened because you need to feel secure.

Learning that some advice is sound and that not everyone is a threat to your security would be helpful, as would not being so vindictive.

Excellent potential for creativity is possible for you because of your imagination and originality.

 At a young age you were wise because you matured faster than your peer group.

You have, luckily, adaptability and that helps with your high degree of sensitivity.

You can overcome whatever barriers you encounter because of your perception, level-headedness and experience.

The mental perception of the Virgo Moon heightens the emotional sensitivity of the Cancer person.

The antagonism and malevolence of the world is something you have had to deal with since you were very young and this has a big impact on you.

Super-sensitivity may be present in you because of the adversity, suffering and indifference that has, at times, haunted you.

Consequently you may be too shy, introspective and even emotionally catatonic.

A Virgo Moon that provides forbearance, inner strength and ability for self-sacrifice also assists you.

You are bighearted and kind as well as generous to everyone.

That is your essence and you are known and admired for it.

You maintain your sympathy and compassion for others no matter how difficult your life is or what you might be going through.

You often find your calling is working for others because you want so much to feel needed.

You are extremely frugal in terms of personal expenses but very generous, almost to a fault, with others.

Be more generous to yourself and then you can enjoy life more and open up to the world around you.

You love to give affection to others, but oddly you do not particularly like to get it in return.

You want to feel needed in a relationship, but luckily your standards are very high.

That helps keeps away people who would drag you down.

It is possible you will have a symbolic relationship of sorts.

You might seek a religious or social ideal or enterprise.

The merely physical is not adequate for you.

Being a workaholic is the approach to life that many Cancer-Virgos take.

Even considering all this, you never lose yourself while helping others.

Your self-awareness is quite strong.

You are a potential educator, counselor, physician or clergyperson who uses your compassion, intellect and strength to be of assistance.

A number of Cancer-Virgo people are also excellent in the field of business.

Your organizational skills are excellent and you are intuitive and clever.

A mainstream and organized work environment is best for you since you are careful by nature.

 You have a combination of good intelligence, extraordinary intuition, and compelling charm to help you achieve success.

You will never be lonely because your cheerful charm will always draw people to you.

You are likely to have many odd and influential friends who are vital to you.

You have a very basic conflict in your combination.

You have far ranging and far out involvements and activities.

There is nothing like the ordinary Capricorn about you.

You are bothered with the old and worn, so you approach everything with a view to change and innovation even though you are somber, responsible, and realistic.

The uncharted and unknown fascinate you.

You also have the bravery to explore new ideas and go down new trails.

An Aquarian Moon gives determined Capricorn a solid sense of freedom to go with the Capricorn thirsting for status and acclaim.

You have an enduring esteem for the past, and you feel you must conform to the influence of culture and parents.

All Capricorns feel this.

However your Aquarian inner being gives you an equally firm need to be free and to rebel against conventionality and tradition.

You can gain self-assurance and self-esteem by remaining socially active and pursuing an energetic and stimulating professional life.

Associating with individuals who can give you emotional support and encourage your plans is important for you.

It is just as important that your occupation gives you status and helps boost your satisfaction in yourself.

Be careful not to let your vocation take the place of complete emotional satisfaction.

Should work turn into everything for you, you may become abrupt and unfeeling even though you actually are very caring.

Because your charisma and personality are hard to resist, you have no problem attracting romantic involvement.

You may feel a powerful sense of blame, as though somehow you are a deserter whenever you affirm yourself and lead your life according to your own special, independent viewpoint.

It would be a waste of your abilities, because you are such a talented and ambitious person, if you decided not to follow your instincts.

Your inhibitions are unrealistic and you have every right to decide on your own unique path to success and self-fulfillment.

However, insecurity is often an issue.

You probably have vague worries and uncertainties, like all Capricorns, in spite of your informal, self-assured manner.

Your Aquarian thoughts can at times multiply this propensity, creating illogical phobias and suspicion.

 You are abrupt and somewhat offhand.

Despite what people may say, you are actually not selfish, but self-interest is often obvious in this combination.

You have little lenience for those who are inactive, but you just believe that God helps those who help themselves.

Tremendous power of attention and will are part of the industrious Capricorn-Aries.

Trying to keep up with a Capricorn-Aries is difficult.

They move so quickly and it can be exhausting to keep up with them.

You are a bundle of energy and you attend to things swiftly and capably.

You are always on the move.

An air of intolerance and unfriendliness is the result.

You take the rest of the world in good spirits while you take care of things.

You can get so caught up in your immediate actions that you forget the rest of the world.

You never give anything up and are very ambitious and willful.

You are fervent, forceful, and rebellious.

You simply are not conventional in any way, but are a pioneer.

You are always first among those working for change.

Your personal life can be a high drama.

A lot of tempest and trouble are part of your love affairs.

A smooth, monogamous romance is not something your Aries inner nature is cut out for, so you may direct most of your vigor into a career, as well as meeting the goals you set for yourself.

You become nervous when things are not progressing as easily and proficiently as you would like.

The world will generally know when you get angry about something.

Before you head out not knowing the destination, attempt to think things through.

With those who cannot equal your tempo, try to be more tolerant.

You cannot always set such a fast pace.

You should slow down occasionally to let others catch up with you.

You are a restless spirit and it is almost unfeasible for you to sit still.

It is not simple for you to find the time for intimate relationships or researching the romantic, spiritual, and logical facets of life, even though you desire love and appreciation for the amazing person you know yourself to be.

The respect and approval you get from your work is what you are content with.

Ambition is good, but you may end up missing out on a life.

Try slowing down now and then.

Your interests and activities should be expanded.

While generally as careful as other Capricorns, there are periods when you can be quite impetuous, particularly when your blistering Aries soul takes over.

 A famous Capricorn-Cancer was Janis Joplin who had a tough, working class image that was actually just a disguise for her authentic depth and sensitivity.

In this combination the Sun and Moon are in opposite signs, so most likely your early environment was quite poor or even heartless.

This nurtured in you a strong sense of self-sufficiency and autonomy as well as a cynical outlook.

You attempt to maintain a hard, rough, calm, and removed image on the surface, but notwithstanding that casual air, you are actually a very tender and emotionally susceptible person.

Your main problem is insecurity.

In order to deal with those entrenched feelings of insufficiency and uncertainty, you can either give in to despair and pessimism or build a hard shell to protect yourself from pain and torment.

Consequently many of your anxieties are rooted in your youth.

Your challenge is to start to identify your understanding as a strong point rather than a flaw and permit your true self to come forth.

You are a competent person and you should appreciate yourself and your gifts.

Two significant things for a Capricorn-Cancer to learn are self-acceptance and self- love.

Your combination empowers you with outstanding leadership possibilities and a lot of charm, but you rarely take advantage of these assets.

You are not part of the crown in any way and have no desire to lead others or to be led by someone.

You are an independent type, essentially, and prefer the comfort of doing things alone.

Unfortunately, voluntary exile can expand into deep isolation and loneliness when added to that glum outlook of yours.

It is necessary for you to be fairly active socially, regardless of whether you are your own boss.

Emotional issues may prevent a flourishing and equal romantic relationship, but you have an overwhelming need to be loved.

You are in many ways clever, affectionate and compassionate.

Your skill to see underneath external impressions and your flexibility to change enables you to formulate new ways of understanding.

Once you conquer self-doubt, there is little you cannot achieve and the only enemy on the path to success will be you.

Isaac Newton, the innovative physicist and mystic, was a Capricorn-Cancer.

Your memory is remarkable as is your sharp wit.

You are direct and outspoken in pointing out details including ones that escape even the keenest observer.

 You are quite a solemn person.

You give off a wise image and you are somewhat introverted and pensive; indeed, common sense is one of your greatest assets.

You seem to have an awareness that goes beyond space and time.

You are mostly respected and admired because others see great maturity in you.

You most likely recall a lot of rules and regulations, and not much love and affection when you reflect on your childhood.

Very early in life too, you doubtless had to accept a lot of responsibility, which stopped you from having as much fun as other kids.

This is possibly one cause of why you have a somewhat discontented attitude.

For you, life is a permanent struggle and, as a result, you can be cold and very cunning.

The lack of the support and acceptance you required as a child almost certainly drove you to prove yourself to the rest of the world because of the burden of your early responsibilities.

You are resolute to triumph over whatever reverses you encounter in life and very ambitious as well.

Your combination implies tremendous inner strength, determination, and resolve.

Your material success is rarely accompanied by emotional satisfaction, but your rise in the world is methodic.

You are never happy with your achievements and you always want more standing, more reputation, and more riches.

Your challenge is to have greater concern and human compassion.

Do not let a career substitute for love or be an option to everything else in life.

Expand and try to appreciate others instead of applying power or position to guard yourself from others.

Furthermore you should attempt to be more understanding and unbiased in your dealings with others.

Your stubbornness is mesmerizing and when you meet opposition you do so head on, overcoming your adversaries with level-headedness and sometimes callousness.

You are always well prepared and your mind is reasonable and accurate.

Your credo is effectiveness and the strength of perception intrinsic to your combination can be centered, creative endeavors.

You have a magnificent sense of humor, although very imaginative and generally serious.

Consequently, you have a dry liking for the darker and satirical sides of life.

Most double Capricorns are attracted to well planned, ordered professions.

You are at ease when risk taking is at a minimum and when you have rules to follow which makes you well suited for corporate or bureaucratic positions.

 You are a thinker and you have a broad range of interests, which lead you to forever try new ideas and theories.

Putting some of those novel ideas into practice is probably a strong desire for you.

You want to advance in the world like all Capricorns, and fortunately for you, you have the aptitude to do that.

You know how to plan, because you are bright as well as philosophical, so on the way up the ladder, no one will get in your way.

In addition you love to learn new things.

In actuality, that calm and traditional persona is a very agitated and self-determining individual even though you may seem rather predictable.

You are lively and versatile.

Capricorns are always aware of their own minds, even with the frequent changes.

You are likely to wander far and wide because of your longing for variety and innovation.

God for you is knowledge.

Although tradition and old values are things you have an enduring admiration for, you are always searching for new means of thought.

It is a rare Capricorn-Gemini that can sit still for any period and internal restlessness keeps you moving.

You are not particularly good at concentrating.

You find it very hard to focus your abilities no matter how smart you are.

You should try cultivating a steady point of view and directing your knowledge in one direction.

You become perplexed and are never certain what to do when faced with a very emotional situation.

Instant explanations can be a way of handling your sudden rush of feelings.

Be careful not to over-intellectualize.

Occasionally allow yourself to be influenced by passion.

You are a hard worker like all Capricorns, and your vocation is too often allowed precedence over everything else in life.

Even when thinking about a holiday weekend, you can have nothing but work on your mind.

In the final analysis, you may have difficulty deciding where you stand because your interests are so diverse and you are so open to any new theory.

After you have tapered down your involvements and activities, you are able to achieve success.

Doing things too quickly is another issue for the Capricorn- Gemini.

Impatience is the problem.

You get puzzled when your labors do not reward you immediately.

You want applause right now and seek instant satisfaction and acknowledgment.

You may end up assigning responsibility to dutiful underlings because you are in such a hurry to get where you are want to go.

Detachment is part of your character.

 While young, you were perhaps very idealistic, somewhat inexperienced, and drawn to social and compassionate causes.

However, as you grew older and more calculating, you no doubt sacrificed some of your ideals in order to get the standing, comfort, and status you felt you merited.

The pursuit of supremacy for some Capricorn-Leos can become a fixation.

You always have the feeling that you are naturally better than other people, and you only feel satisfied when you are the boss.

You are a lot more demonstrative and friendly than other Capricorns and you can be very successful.

You have a good appreciation of yourself and your skills and are a determined individual.

Others will react to your charisma, magnetism, and resolve and they admire you because you have self-respect.

You have pride and dignity, and want the notice and adulation your ego requires.

Very splendid and lofty ideals come from your Leo Moon.

This combination can with easily result in a despot or a possible tyrant.

A good example of this side of a Capricorn-Leo is Mao Tse-tung.

Your approach towards others is often condescending, and some may even consider you egotistical.

Your ideal is loyalty and after someone has won your confidence, you become concerned, affectionate, and kind to him or her.

You can be cruel, cold, and calculating to those who are disloyal to that trust.

Insults or slight insults to your vanity or self-esteem are often met with out of proportion fury.

Your primary concern is maintaining self-respect and decorum.

Extreme pride can be your Waterloo.

You have the aptitude to renew yourself, and achieve anything you really desire.

But first you must learn to curb your arrogance and vanity.

You inspire others simply with your presence.

You are an idealist by nature, and your sunny appeal and enjoyable humor can brighten the darkest heart.

Everything you do has a special stamp of innovation.

The dramatic is your signature.

Strong creative drives are part of a Leo Moon.

There are occasions when you are mistaken even though you are wise and intuitive.

However you will never acknowledge it.

Because you believe you are always correct and know what is best for you and those you know, you almost never find the middle ground.

You have to attempt to become more supple.

Obstinacy undermines those goals you set for yourself and inflexibility will only get you into difficulties.

If you do not let your ego get in the way, you are capable of magnificent achievements.

Your ultimate strength is willpower.

 You continually search for serenity and somehow you feel those around you can work out the complicated puzzle of your being.

You are persistently active, romantically as well as socially, and always seeking some club, philosophy, or individual that will give the inner balance you crave so much.

You may constantly have your heart broken in your mission, becoming disenchanted and maybe even bitter as you learn that others cannot always live up to your expectations.

You may seem hard, detached, and determined, but deep inside lies a kind, understanding, and very benevolent person.

You are a very responsive and optimistic Capricorn, but not as astute as most Capricorns, and your faith in people is so great that it might be a problem.

It is only within yourself that true harmony and peace of mind can come.

Rather than looking for it elsewhere, try putting some confidence in yourself.

Learn to appreciate who you are, and build up a more independent outlook.

Your combination has a conflict resulting from strong personal aspirations and Libra’s desire to be loved and valued.

Even if it is at the expense of your own happiness, you want to see everyone be happy.

You are also a little shy about putting yourself forward or giving expression to your ideas and aspirations.

You have strong creative needs and a sophisticated aesthetic sense, but for the Capricorn-Libra wisdom rests in self-contemplation and courage; the courage to let your excellent Capricorn strength realize your ideas.

You are inclined to idealize your partner and you are very romantic.

Make your relationship one that is sensible and healthy because they are extremely important to you.

In addition to material qualities in a partner, look for spiritual qualities as well, when choosing a person who intends to remain with you.

Always have self-confidence.

You act as though someone was watching you, ready to strike and punish you for such assumptions.

Eventually you may be very let down in yourself because your fears may cause you to suppress your ambitions.

Oddly enough, you are afraid you will infringe on people if you press on too far.

Affirmation instead of self-renunciation is your challenge in life.

A self- defeatist attitude can smother your artistic urges if you are not careful.

 You have many dreams along with the will, practicality, and drive to give form and structure to your goals.

You are very career conscious like all Capricorns, and you will work hard to reach some of those ambitions.

However, kindness and compassion stop you from resorting to the hostile or immoral behavior, which too often go together with success.

On the outside you may be calm, isolated, and unapproachable, but deep within is a very emotional, extremely insightful, and quite perceptive person.

You are quite a sensitive Capricorn.

That hard facade is just your way of protecting yourself from being hurt.

You feel it important to guard your emotions like all sensitive and vulnerable people.

Your strength is your imagination.

Your ascent in the world will be slow but sure and you will always take care not to hurt others.

Common to the Capricorn-Pisces are unnecessary guilt and confusion.

You are very considerate and feel obliged to take care of any minor offense on your part, even if it is imaginary.

You have a very active imagination.

You have the managerial and practical abilities of Capricorn as well as the metaphysical understanding and lyrical inspiration of Pisces.

You are able to move toward things with imagination and suppleness, although you are a practical person.

Your compassionate persuasions may draw you to a political or spiritual destination or your understanding and sense are conductive to a creative or artistic vocation.

Business and economic speculation are possible because of your uncanny instincts.

You may feel a bit guilty about your aspirations, but success is important to you.

Moreover, you have an inclination to take on the moods and mental issues of those near you, so it is vital that you connect with people who give you emotional balance and support, and avoid individuals who may be harmful to your emotional health.

You are devastatingly aware of grief and misfortune in the world, and have strong selfless and compassionate feelings.

You have a rather gloomy and melancholy viewpoint, which gives you an attraction to the darker side of life.

You never have any self-pity, but rather you are inclined to repress your feelings of remorse.

You tune into things at such a profound level that sorrow is often the emotion you feel most powerfully.

You have a lot of promise, however.

 Although you are subject to intermittent periods of depression and sadness, you never lose your basic sense of humor.

Your witty, casual comments always hit the target.

You are probably the most balanced of any of the Sun-Moon-combinations.

You have a wide range of activities and projects.

Your profession has to be inside an organized and conventional structure like most Capricorns, but your Sagittarian inner aspect desires adventure and excitement.

The Sagittarius part of you is liberal, creative, and freedom loving, while your Capricorn is resolute, determined and somewhat distant.

You have both the resolve and the intelligence to achieve a great deal and you set long-term goals for yourself.

Your allure and casual manner enthrall people.

You are much less reserved, and much more sociable, than other Capricorns.

You also enjoy having a good time, but are a serious and goal-oriented individual.

You appear removed, but it does not require much to bring out your ironic smile.

It is critical that your job be fulfilling as well as it enhances your prestige, because you are very aware of social standing.

You must have the liberty to do what you want to because you value your personal freedom.

Never happy unless you are the boss, your willpower and intelligence typically take you right to the pinnacle.

Your mind is rational, well organized and sensible, but insight is one of your utmost gifts.

You go through impulsive and across-the-board moods as do all Moon in Sagittarius people.

You can quickly become an impetuous and adventurous drifter right after being serious and determined for a while.

There are times when your moods and visions carry you away and induce you to forget your plans.

To direct some of that impatience and inquisitiveness, you need a lot of distraction and external activity.

Your need to travel is virtually a requirement for your emotional stability.

You respect tradition while you try to see tomorrow's needs and thus you are the perfect long-term planner.

You have a learned and philosophical aura.

Perhaps while young you were troubled and had it difficult, but you still acquired a strong intellectual curiosity.

You love to experiment with theoretical concepts and analysis.

Thus¸ philosophy attracts you because you want to find truth and a perfect structure with which to manage your life.

You would never partake of callous behavior in your search for status and esteem because you are very ethical.

 You are in fact an exceedingly emotional person even though you may appear distant and cold.

There are periods when the strength of your emotions carries you away, but you always have the ability for difficult work and imaginative activity.

Your opinions about the world are very fixed and seldom change.

You are the type of individual who seems to know what is right for you.

You most likely put forward your freedom by dominating all your playmates when you were young.

As the nonconformist of the zodiac, few can match you for pure determination, audacity, and aggression.

Ultimately you grow wiser and a lot less hot headed and fortunately you are fast to learn from your mistakes.

Capricorn-Scorpios have two sides, which are rather different in nature; the out of control sensualist and the painstaking reformer.

Capricorn's boredom or inhibition is not at all a part of you.

You are never hesitant to say just what you think with frankness and sometimes-brutal honesty because you take the world and yourself with complete seriousness.

While very perceptive, you have a strong sanctimonious streak in you, and your prejudices and dug in attitudes generally have the last word.

Your own interests are usually first and you have a somewhat heartless disregard for others.

Often your tastes are founded on whether or not something is to your benefit.

Be careful about being so manipulative.

You can probe and search the depths of existence or fly to amazing heights of spiritual wisdom, as can all those who have the Moon in Scorpio.

You have most likely done both because you are so curious, you want to experience everything.

Your future and whatever you do in life is largely up to you, with all that resolve.

You are creative and sensual in love, but not very faithful.

You are really into adventure like all Capricorns.

Anyone who can keep you for a lifetime, considering all of this, is a very rare person.

Your approach to reality is to look for gimmicks or places where people might slip up.

You could make a brilliant detective, psychologist, or scientist with your fantastic insight and keen perception.

As long as you have a clear objective in sight, you will be happy, even though you tend to be somewhat pessimistic in your dealing in life.

You are very spirited and there is nothing you love more than a quarrel, especially an academic one.

Having a forum for conveying your views is important for you.

It can be chancy trying to keep your beliefs and persuasions locked up inside because you are so emotional.

An excellent release for some of those hidden desires is writing.

 You can quietly coax and persuade almost anyone of almost anything because your presence is so tranquil and reassuring, and persuasiveness one of your great talents.

Your aims are always the best and you are inherently honest.

A problem for the Taurians is obstinacy.

With firm resolve, you hold on to your beliefs and convictions.

It is hard for you to accept a changing society and mores because you are somewhat old-fashioned.

Your tragic fault is emotional inflexibility.

Your best assets are charisma, inner security, and worldly wisdom, while comfort and material things are your major priorities.

You have a very understanding side to your nature, although you are just as determined and goal-oriented as your fellow Capricorns.

People believe you because they you have an aura of inborn steadiness, knowledge, and good sense.

You are a charismatic combination and capable of achieving considerable success and position.

The Capricorn-Taurus meets the severities of life with patience and resolve and is not one to wallow in self-pity or regret.

You have the stubbornness to follow your objectives through and usually push them on to completion.

You must keep your opinions supple and your mind open.

Do not let fixed attitudes or bias run your life.

Rather than dealing with them truthfully and openly you also have a propensity to repress your emotions.

You fight to preserve that calm and self-controlled front as antagonism, anxiety, or frustration build up.

Sometimes it is wise to open up and discuss how you really feel inside.

You should do this with someone you can trust.

You may be subject to turns of despair or explosions of anger otherwise.

You will probably be reluctant to follow such a chancy career even though the financial world may attract you.

You require a steady income.

You search for a partner in love who desires all the good things you want from life too.

Your perfect relationship would be an unwavering, caring partnership that enhanced your worldly standing and position in life.

It would be wise for you to be a bit more experimental even though you are affectionate and sensual.

You take a chance of adopting a self-satisfied or complacent outlook because your life may be fairly free of tension.

You may compromise just because you are so effortlessly contented even though Capricorns are motivated by nature.

You may have a penchant to let materialism become your only goal because you love pleasure and are sensual.

You have gifts for administration, management, and long-term planning because of your combination.

 You struggle to get as much status and power as possible to compensate for those fears.

Your greatest pleasure comes from the admiration and prestige your work provides, so like all Capricorns, you are very career minded.

You are very responsible and you are not really happy until you have plenty of power.

You have the resolve to conquer any barrier and incredible determination and inner strength.

Logical, thrifty, and cautious Virgo in your combination links up with determined, resolute, and career-minded Capricorn.

Your strength is cold, hard logic and you are a person with no illusions.

You see things precisely as they are because you are a total pragmatist.

Fantasies are a waste of time in your book.

Instead of dreaming, you plan and are practical and efficient.

Deep inside you most likely feel vague fears or indecision even though you appear rough, detached, and even a little cold.

You also have fantastic powers of attentiveness and quite a mind.

You are astute and calculating and know how to convince people of things, but for a lot of Capricorn-Virgos, winning becomes an end in itself.

Participate in all the wonders of life, including the romantic and the religious.

Do not allow your job and status to be an obsession.

All Moons in Virgo people are picky, but your criticisms are frequently directed at yourself.

Simply trying to accept yourself is the challenge for you.

Your combination is perfectly fitted for managerial and leadership roles.

Your rational and shrewd mind is ideal for academic activities.

After you put your mind to something, you will be content until you have mastered it completely.

A stable and equal relationship is important to your psychological well-being, but you are not exceptionally romantic.

You are actually quite a sensitive person no matter how removed and cool you try to be.

Do not try to deny or hide that sensitivity by taking on a role that is at odds with your true nature.

Neurosis or self-destructive behavior can result from the fear of actual or imagined failings in life.

You despise the idea of having any weaknesses.

Capricorn-Virgos are never content.

Regardless of how successful you are in life, something in you always tells you that you have not gone far enough.

Try to have a little more sympathy for yourself because we all have limitations.

Refrain from dwelling on those tiny imperfections you are you always think you have.

 You are refined, extroverted and captivating.

In addition, you are autonomous and independent and this moves you to make some of your dreams become realities.

One of your most important gifts is your intuition.

You appear to know what people will desire in the future, what their thoughts are and what they want right now.

Your life seems to be led more for the future than the present.

You have had an inquiring and investigative mind ever since you were a child.

No doubt you used to love to fix broken things, put things together and understand their inner workings.

Your parents probably had to keep an eye on you so you did not blow fuses.

You cannot satisfy your curiosity about the universe.

You are endlessly intrigued by the strange and the unexplored and love science and change.

The world, in your view, needs change and it is your goal to do that using your imagination and intelligence to apply your ideas.

Communication is something difficult for you because you appear to be way ahead of others in your mind.

It is almost like you are living in another dimension.

Approaching life optimistically, you are fundamentally detached and do not show your emotions.

Others unhappiness is hard for you to comprehend.

Confusion and agitation sets in when you run into a very emotional situation.

You do not look inside yourself often enough because you are so busy with projects and other people that there is not enough time.

Meditation or contemplation are good breaks.

An exploration of your own inner workings would benefit you.

You are not easy to deal with or understand because of erratic changes in mood ranging from serious to lively and fun loving.

On a positive note, you are in total control of your temper.

Anyone in your circle who appears to be unhappy or upset causes you to do everything you are able to help them improve their emotional state.

Your charms as well as positive and humorous attitude usually work wonders.

Sometimes you forget the beauty of the present because you are planning for the future.

A pause and appreciation for what you have now is always good because the world will wait for you.

The invention or great discovery will be just as appreciated tomorrow.

  When something comes your way, you discern an opportunity or benefit and grasp it.

You enjoy multitasking because your mind is always in a spin and you do not like being idle.

Most people would be exhausted just relaxing in your fashion.

Your personality demands stimulation and exploration and you are drawn to it.

It is not beyond you to stir up some trouble if things are not hectic enough for you.

Your world is an endless source of things you are terrifically interested in, but you put yourself first.

An excitable, savvy and nervous person is what you find in a Gemini.

Energy is what the Aries mixes in along with, quick thinking, and a combative spirit.

Organized confusion is the result of the combination.

Gemini-Aries people are great at acquiring information fast, but they frequently forget about it just as fast.

Your memory is not the best although you are intelligent and insightful.

Maybe this is why you have a behavior pattern that is repetitious, repeating the same things again and again.

Gemini-Aries main assets are good comprehension, versatility, and speed.

Getting what you want is a priority and you expect double payment for what you give.

For some reason you find yourself in nerve wracking situations and this is hard for an excitable person like you.

Social activities and athletics are outlets for your skittish personality.

Even big decisions like marriage or your future are usually done quickly by you because of your speedy thought process.

Disaster can frequently result with your speedy decision-making.

When you are asked to listen to a viewpoint not your own, you generally are not interested.

You are, however, well-spoken and passionate about your own ideas, which, by the way, change frequently.

Instant satisfaction and impulse do not always work and you need to learn this.

Patience would help a lot in getting what you desire.

It would also be good to limit your numerous interests and activities to a reasonable extent.

The communication profession is a good choice or even being a detective or critic is also possible because of your excellent perception.

You come up with original solutions and this makes you a good problem solver.

A big issue is your ability to cope with stress.

 Success is practically guaranteed because of intuition, intelligence and skillfulness.

Franz Kafka, Jean-Paul Sartre and Igor Stravinsky are a few examples of this combination.

Liabilities are exceeded by positives, but as a very emotional person you need to learn to deal with some difficult issues.

The people around you, including your spouse, coworkers and family, have an impact on your supersensitive and impressionable being and you need to learn to reduce their impact on your feelings.

Being prone to mental disturbance, including depression and mood swings, is one side or this combination, but a very high level of creativity is the other.

An imaginative, very sensitive and sympathetic aspect enhances the need for expression, novelty and innovation.

Removing stress, ill will and discord from your environment is very important for personal growth.

You get unsocial, glum, depressed and withdrawn if you live in an emotionally charged environment.

Your surroundings must be overcome to eliminate this issue.

Do not totally blend into your surroundings like a chameleon would, but rather inform others of your desires.

Sacrificing your own happiness for that of others is not necessary all the time.

You occasionally get withdrawn because you are subject to swings in your moods.

Long term closing off of others is extremely bad for you, but like most people some private time to think and introspect can be useful.

A degree of social activity is important for your happiness.

You will surely be popular, especially with the opposite sex, because of your good sense of humor, charm and good nature.

You have a negative self-image in spite of being so high-spirited and playful in your approach to life.

Instead of thinking of your sensitivity as a disadvantage, view it as a strong point.

This can help you climb mountains.

Gemini-Cancers are great at role-playing because of an ability to adapt to their environment.

You can do great in the theater.

When you choose friends or romantic partners, as well as business associates, use your intuition and discrimination in order to make sure you get some emotional support.

There is no need to always accommodate people.

Some people will just take advantage of your goodness if you always say yes.

Be more assertive.

 You have well-established goals and you seldom have to reorganize your thoughts or perspectives.

You are admired for being well spoken as well as efficient because of your discipline and self-control.

Emotionally, you try to stay in control to the extent that you may not be aware that everything you say is designed to produce a result.

The Capricorn inner self makes a more serious Gemini than most.

The latter is usually exciting, has more interests and is a communicator.

Your mixture makes you cool and calm as well as strong, detached and ambitious.

You can talk people into almost anything because of your charm and magnetism.

You direct yourself toward power and influence because you are aware of your attraction to others and put it to use very well.

Your personality seems a bit above the fray because you do not reveal the feelings you have under your dynamic personality.

You do not need to be aggressive in your desire for power because you possess an inborn sense of dignity, which applies your principled moral values.

In spite of this, you usually get the best of a deal in business.

The spiritual side of life should not be sacrificed because of competition even though that has it proper place.

The biggest challenge for you is to discover the side of life that has more meaning, because the material portion will take care of itself.

You will recognize your mistakes later in life when you have time to contemplate them.

So do not fail to recognize this facet as early on in life as possible.

Sadness and bitterness in old age can result if you do this.

Overcoming difficulties and barriers with your fortitude and unwillingness to quit, shows that you have a lot of inner fortitude.

You can use your well-developed power of persuasion to bend others to your will because you sense their vulnerabilities.

You are a master of manipulation.

Inside you are numerous personalities moving about trying to be the most influential and recognized.

You desire for power is done at the expense of other parts of your being in the name of material possessions.

 You are totally unpredictable and might as well be several people as one.

You are very inventive though, and that is a big help in your life.

Quick, practical and logical solutions come from you in the persona of being a problem-solver.

You are a walking encyclopedia, know everything and are extremely wide read.

It is hard for others to keep up with you because you retain information so well and do it so quickly.

You want a world that rotates faster on its axis.

You love the new and the excitement of seeing it unfold.

Your own nervous energy keeps you going.

You frequently end up consuming your resources and possibilities because you drift from place to place, checking things out and exploring everything.

You are enthusiastic about things for a short time because they are born of nerves rather than energy.

You are never sure which side you are on or whom you want to be with because you change often.

You are a combination of Einstein’s originality, Jonathan Swift’s humor and Immanuel Kant’s intelligence.

The challenge is to master the substance, discernment and self-control needed to use these abilities.

Assuming that you have not misused your ability already, there is hope.

The difficult part is that you have the ability of a mastermind of crime who is always in trouble; a mentality looking for a fast buck and quick advantage is your problem, not an evil or ill-intentioned mind.

You are a psychic sponge and read the people around you with ease.

Sometimes you do not know if an idea is yours or someone else’s.

If they can acquire the patience, some double Gemini are very skillful and can make excellent craftsmen and artisans.

Relationships come easily for you and you probably have several at once.

This leads to the problem of narrowing down your choices and focusing in order to attain real closeness.

Developing ingenious schemes to rob a museum or gain the profits of investors for yourself rather than work is what you want.

Your undoing is that you forget some small point that gets you caught in spite of your genius.

You have several selves at a minimum so it is not a matter of self-discovery.

You can easily play any role necessary depending on the situation.

You have the gift of gab and can outtalk anyone.

Therein lies a problem of hurting others because while you do not mean to, your tongue is faster than your mind.

 You have a definitive nature that results from your slightly overblown sense of your own importance.

You are relatively serious.

You have a dual personality so figuring you out is not easy for most.

There is kind of an executive nature about you that holds forth with advice and opinions on the one hand and a humorous and carefree person on the other hand.

You make more of a show of being the boss than taking it seriously.

Volatility, nervousness and self-expression are what we find in the Gemini.

On the other hand, showiness, lavishness and drama are part of the Leo character.

The combination is a running drama that is high-strung and almost absurd.

What we have here is a melodrama of the outrageous that runs almost day and night.

Fanfare and panache are your prime movers.

Expressing your feelings and thought are a need residing deep inside you.

You are a magnet made of charm, optimism and exuberance that is irresistible and this makes you very popular.

Others can hardly wait to hear the next episode of your soap opera.

Be more open to the contributions of other individuals and not so prideful and stuck on your own opinions.

You are creative in your professional goals but you can do well in business because in the end you are actually down to earth.

You have sales and promotion talents.

You are loyal, responsible and dedicated in everything you do.

You search for the perfect partner because you are very much a romantic as well as an adventurer.

You want someone who is enthusiastic about life and shares your interests.

You love to play the role of boss though, and enjoy showing off that side of you.

It might be wise to go a little easier in your act because you can intimidate others to a point you may not imagine even though you do not mean to.

You follow your own rules like most Moons in Leo natives and this means you often ignore the opinions and advice of others.

You feel you are always right even though you are open-minded and generally listen to others who are reasonable in their approach.

The feeling that you know what you are doing can bring about an impulsive and dangerous set of actions and when combined with your stubbornness and need to prove others wrong, you can do damage.

 You are not responsible for all the difficulties in the world, so there is certainly no obligation on your part to take care of those around you, humankind or the universe itself.

Your own happiness as well, needs to be emphasized more in your case.

You can set a positive example for others when it turns out that the world does not align with your ideals and vision for how it should be because of your restless spirit.

You are only happy if you feel that those around you are happy because you are a born peacemaker.

Within yourself, you work toward quietude, concordance and balance.

Life, however, does not always operate like we want it to.

Because the world is in tension and a constant flow, such equilibrium is essentially impossible emotionally.

A sad and secluded Sun-Moon combination like yours is truly sad indeed.

Nevertheless, you may feel the desire to surrender to isolation or fantasy when life is stressful and people are impossible for you to deal with.

But this is only a temporary solution to the difficulties of such a situation and, in fact, it will only make matters worse.

Doing this only means the world will miss out on what you have to offer.

Hold off that desire to run away from a world that does not always work the way you want it to.

Be dynamic, brisk and alive.

While you could skate through life, you should resist that temptation just because you are so flexible, capable and intelligent.

Do not elude challenges, adventures and responsibilities.

Pushing your endowments to the boundaries is important for all Gemini-Libra people.

You will travel far if you resist the temptation to just do the minimum.

You will probably search for a perfect partner because you are a romantic at heart and a dreamer.

Before you find the right person for you, there will be many affairs along the way.

The mass media, social world and politics are fields than can profit from your natural statesmanship, great perception and insight.

An artistic field is also a possibility because of your strong imagination.

You are adaptable and can probably live almost anywhere.

You have an extremely open mind about other cultures and lifestyles and probably like to read about faraway places.

Your essence breaks down roadblocks and transcends cultures, faiths, political orientations and all divisions.

You do not lead a tiring life because it is a harmonious combination.

 Your early childhood may be causing you to be guarded and protective.

You are, however, extremely emotional, perceptive and sensitive.

This sensitivity is often concealed by rationalization of issues that should be addressed directly as well as detachment and superiority.

The danger here is never finding satisfaction because you lose contact with your emotions completely.

Openly and honestly facing your feelings is something you should learn to do.

Gemini is objective and analytical while, in juxtaposition, Pisces is understanding and very emotional.

In any case, you are an intricate and versatile individual.

Kindness can grip you completely at times even though you think you are distant and sophisticated.

Perhaps you see yourself as cool and highly developed, but there are times when you can feel overwhelmed with compassion.

You probably learned to hide your true feelings when you were young because you may have had a difficult time of things.

The bad feelings, moods and ideas of those around you are absorbed because you are quite impressionable.

More emphatic types are to be kept at a distance so they do not gain control and influence over your life as they surely can do.

Becoming aware of how to control your own destiny and environment should take precedence over going with the crowd of emotional impressions.

You are dedicated and conscientious in all your undertakings along with having high principles.

This makes an excellent professional of some type.

Your humor and charm usually draws the opposite sex to you.

Even though you need to be exceptionally careful in choosing a partner, you have an extremely romantic character.

Finding someone would be easy.

Finding the right one would probably not.

You generally know what is best for you so it should be quite easy to use your intuition.

Listen to your sixth sense and keep your independence.

A lot of Gemini-Pisces people find religion a good support system for them.

The moon in Pisces allows Gemini the communicator to express things creatively.

This opens doors for you.

Because your intuition lets you know what people want, you can be strong as a business or marketing individual.

Gemini-Pisces people are also good teachers and scholars.

 Your enthusiasm, perception and creativity are awesome in scope.

All of this would be terrific if it were not for the fact that it is so much work for you to keep yourself in tune.

There to blow up your dreams is a lack of patience and good sense combined with needless rebellion and wastefulness.

You hate to be restricted in any form because you love freedom.

Classrooms, mundane jobs and other things you regard as drudgery are avoided.

You want to find out what life really is and experience everything, no matter what mistakes you have made before.

You are an explorer and consequently can either be a genius who makes great discoveries or be like a Fool in the Tarot deck.

There is an inspired person in you, but also someone who is impulsive and immature.

At times, when you wake up, it is almost as though you are seeing your world with new eyes.

You might experience extremely bad luck or even a personal disaster but you always remain an optimist.

Your glass is always at the very least, half full.

Part of this is because of your short memory.

You are about twenty people in terms of your projects and interests.

Conforming to anything or being a part of the establishment in not for you.

You are a rebel.

The exotic and exciting continue to call you and because you are so impulsive, you do not mind dropping something you were engrossed in and moving on.

What you need to learn is to concentrate and develop self-discipline.

An environment that is conducive to this would help you; one that is structured and organized.

You can learn to direct your skill in a useful way and still be a vagabond.

Try to be around organized and well-directed people to reduce your gullibility.

Capricorns, Virgos and Taurus people might be very good for you in that regard.

Fellow Gemini and Sagittarians are not.

You must ease up on restlessness and get organized.

If you do not do this, you will have a life of disasters mixed in with all your adventures and the mishaps that go with them.

Some like it that way and maybe that is you.

Philosophers, academics and inventive scientists can come from this combination.

If you manage to get some self-control and will power, you can do anything.

 You are cautious when things concern you personally because you do have a volatile image that is very charged up and people can see this.

Because of your boldness and aggressive demeanor, people always notice you.

Your skills in observation mean you notice them too.

You always notice details that you can proceed to analyze and you are proud of your ability to perceive things.

When you are in a talkative mood you might tend to hyperbolize and dramatize things even though you have good insights and perceptions.

Your personality is emphatic and magnetic.

You are very aware of where you are going and are a more intense individual than other Gemini.

There is an aura of mystery about you because you are secretive and do not show your entire being.

You get carried away at these times with your vivid imagination and emotions, which is usually OK, but it can unintentionally result in harmful distortions when things get way out of proportion.

Relating things with less exaggeration and learning to watch what you say is important.

Your past relations with your parents and others should be carefully examined to decide whether some of your bad issues and destructive behaviors have been handed down from those who had a strong influence in your in life; especially your mother and father, or sisters and brothers.

Because you cling to impressions and convictions so strongly, it is hard for you to let go of them even if they are the origin of your difficulties.

It will help you if you can open up your thoughts and feelings to a good friend or a professional counselor.

You are a sponge that assimilates the mood, ideas and ends around you, even if not consciously.

You are direct, strong-willed and seem to be your own leader.

But you often give into insistence from friends, family or lovers when making choices about your profession or romantic life.

You need to make decisions based on your own true feelings even though it is important to open your mind to the opinions and ideas of other people.

Going with your own true nature is always the best for you.

Your psychological well-being is heavily molded by the emotional receptivity you have with those around you.

You can easily take on the goals and perceptions of those in your circle because you absorb them so quickly.

That includes their neuroses and behavioral forms.

 You can have a problem getting rid of a youth mindset because even in looks and mannerism, you are youthful.

The combination here is a little in opposition because of Gemini’s adventurous spirit and Taurus’s need for security.

This might result in needing something different right after you have found the security of a job, spouse and home.

Satisfaction is something that eludes you.

The Taurus Moon balances the whimsy of Gemini out.

Your emotional foundation and centering is maintained even if you get kind of far out.

Your Taurus nature helps you bounce back from the most absurd situations that you manage to get into.

You return for new challenges ready and refreshed.

Innovation is the ideal goal for a combination that is so original.

Past mistakes are not learned from in many cases though.

Youthful patterns of behavior are hard to let go of for this combination of two Spring signs.

You often work hard to get something in place only to allow curiosity to get you to leave it once you have accomplished your purpose Try to be less impulsive.

The Gemini-Taurus is pragmatic and experienced in life and makes an excellent unpaid psychologist and adviser.

Numerous fields could benefits from your skillfulness and intelligence.

Fields such as writing, music and architecture are possible because of your aesthetic and structural sense.

Bob Dylan and Frank Lloyd Wright are two examples of Gemini-Taurus and notice the fact that these people need to communicate.

Form, aesthetics and structure are things they naturally understand.

A life with little to look back on will come about if you give into the constant desire for adventure and challenge.

Also, learn to respect your own achievements, even if they seem to come quickly and easily.

Personality is one of your strong points.

Your quick humor and joyful spirit are an inspiration that allows you to melt the coldest heart of those you encounter.

Regardless of your background, you can rise above it and you are probably headed upward on the ladder of success and sophistication.

You have a certain dignity and pride that make you stand out from the masses.

You have a composition and emotional element to you that goes nicely with your analytical Gemini mind.

 You are wise and seek knowledge avidly.

This gives you a confident appearance.

Restricting yourself to one field though, is hard for you because you want to learn so much and feel like specialization is a waste of time.

You have a lighthearted presence that is also urbane but you are discontented.

Mythology tells us that Mercury governs both Gemini and Virgo and it is the messenger of the gods.

Communicating in the form of storytelling, writing deliberating or talking is all self-expression, which is one of your strongest necessities in life.

For you, deep feelings and hidden ideas need to be communicated in an ongoing fashion.

You always need an audience to do this because you are a very expressive person who wants to air your opinions, display your humor and show off your sophistication.

Agitation and moodiness result if you are prevented from doing this.

You are generally guaranteed the audience you desire because you are high-strung, extravagant and charming as well as extremely intelligent.

Despite your polished, playful manner, you are often not happy.

Living up to the high goals you set is nearly impossible, but that is what you strive for.

You may experience pessimism, anxiousness and confusion because you are not satisfied with your projects for much of your life.

You have very good perception and your critiques as well as analysis are generally accurate.

You give wise advice in a tactful and thoughtful way.

You love to give it to help others.

Preciseness and analysis might very well be the areas that assist in your profession.

Also, the news media, promotion or advertising might be good choices in the area of communication.

Moodiness, restlessness and criticism of others can come about when you experience this discontentment and lack of confidence.

Self-destructive behavior patterns can come about including alcoholism if you get so frustrated you cannot bear it.

Compassion for yourself is suggested as a way to combat this feeling of discontent.

Do not beat up on yourself.

See your own achievements and endowments and be forgiving of yourself.

Patience is something you need to develop.

You cannot always gain recognition and reward overnight no matter how hard you work.

 The Sun and Moon in your combination are in conflict, designating that your early life was likely hard.

A potent sense of independence and self-sufficiency in you came about as the result of that struggle to overcome those hardships.

It also caused you to look far inside yourself.

You are self-examining unlike most Leos, and the realization you have acquired from looking within inspires you to reach out to help others.

You have a very tender, almost naive presence and disposition that is relaxed but a bit aloof.

The commonplace details of life do not perturb or confuse you, because your scope of imagination is wide, boundless, and abstract.

Others would be very surprised if they saw the ambition, strength, and futuristic visions in your dreams.

All this is kept enshrouded under that effortless exterior.

Your judgment is seldom fooled by self-centered views or superficial impressions because you are able to acknowledge your limits and appreciate your many endowments.

With your firm idealism and compassionate perspectives, you probably feel that you are destined to help others in life.

You pursue that goal with silent and steadfast purpose, whatever that mission may be.

All you needed to do was see it once.

You have noteworthy intuition and inherent aptitude that often controls your action even though you value reason.

Your preferences and major choices are generally founded on what you feel about the individual or situation rather than what you conceive.

This total belief in your intuition can be dangerous at times, both for you and others.

You can be led by your hunches to a point in managerial positions, but you have to also be aware of the facts.

Being more adaptable to the pressures and opinions of others is something you should learn.

Never ostentatious or arrogant, you treat people as peers, and you in all likelihood live in a humble, understated way, but there is something which sets you apart others.

Some people think you have a special insight because your unique manner of life gives you an effortless air of nonchalance, and people are attracted to you.

A lot of Leo-Aquarians are natural leaders.

Helping you to put some of those ambitions and sights into action is your resourcefulness and inner force.

Your solution to an issue is often the cleverest and you are inventive and forward thinking.

One reason why you often seem so out of it and forgetful is you see things from a very wide and detached perspective.

You favor the big picture and details slow you down.

 For you life is not fun unless it involves a battle and this includes political affairs, business and love.

You are a principled, loyal and dependable person because you have an inborn code of morals.

You might seem aggressive at times, but you still would never be disloyal to or hurt a friend.

You simply are not someone who uses duplicity or dishonesty.

Daydreaming about exploration or romance does not satisfy you because you have the passion and vitality to go out and find it.

Fantasy is not part of your life because you are so busy that you have basically no need for it.

You are aggressive and self-assured and when you say something, people listen.

You have a great asset in being courageous.

You will speak your mind honestly about your thoughts and feelings with no inhibitions.

You are most happy when you are in charge because you are a born leader.

You get the attention your very large ego needs because you have both aspirations and vigor.

As a Leo-Aries, you consider life a war.

You are restless like most Leo-Aries people and life is not boring.

You probably have very few emotional issues because you are open and candid about nearly everything.

You never suppress your inner drives and you are self-confident.

As an alternative, you direct your antagonistic impulses into helpful and constructive activities.

As with all Leos, your profession is very significant because you seek standing, credit and as much comfort and gratification in life as you can get.

You are conceited in your views and assumptions and are a natural member of the aristocracy.

You often overlook the feelings of others in your blunt and outspoken remarks.

You can frequently express yourself harshly.

Your principles demand honesty and openness and you do not really mean to be tactless, so you just always say precisely what you feel.

Learn to value others in the same way you value yourself and control your egotistical bluntness a bit.

You have the willpower to see your projects through and very little stands in your way.

There are three things you must keep in check: they are conceit, impetuosity, and impudence.

Logic is very often blocked by passion, no matter how intelligent you may be.

You are inclined to leap before you look.

You hardly ever stop to examine those on-the-spot choices of yours because you are so certain of your judgment, Learn to be modest from time to time since you cannot possibly be right in everything you do.

Prior to starting on some doomed project, listen to the good advice of others.

   You have a keen sensitivity and compassion for others.

You are a creative, open minded and extremely emotional person and with the proper motivation you can achieve anything if you have the ambition.

The one thing you lack, unfortunately, is precisely that.

You may very well settle for far less than you are able to accomplish because of your total self-acceptance and inability to question yourself.

You do not feel the obligation to verify your importance to the world like most Leos.

Your best gift is accepting yourself.

People think well of you because you think well of yourself and you are self-assured and confident.

For your overall contentment, a tranquil and secure home life is very important.

You need the reassurance and strength of a home base like all natives of the Moon in Cancer.

You are very proud of your partner and children because you are family-oriented and they help verify your existence.

You are aware of how to give and take in love and you are very romantic and idealistic.

Before you eventually select a partner and settle down, your inborn curiosity will no doubt lead you through many romantic affairs.

You are in jeopardy of adopting a feeling of self-satisfied complacency, since your nature does not have the hang-ups and inner turmoil that curse so many others.

That which is pleasant interests you more than that which is gratifying and you are too easily contented.

Therefore, your special abilities are unused and your creative possibilities often lie undeveloped and are not available for you or for others to tap.

A strength and a weakness about you is your pride which helps overcome obstacles and self-esteem and reinforces your inner strength on the one hand, but it also leads to arrogance on the other hand.

Your goals in life need re-examining and you need to ask whether your talents are really being used.

Do you have a career that will help bring about a good future? Your mind's eye and originality are more matched to creative endeavors, particularly in the area of theater and the visual arts.

However, you have the allure, instinct, and subtlety to give you an excellent business aptitude.

Religion also attracts many Leo-Cancers and some find themselves drawn to charitable work, spending a lot of time helping the handicapped or needy.

Psychology, counseling, teaching and running a charitable organization are excellent professions for Leo-Cancers.

 You are a serious, but cool person who is strong and self-sufficient in spite of your inborn charm.

Remember that Napoleon Bonaparte was a Leo-Capricorn.

This is not an easy combination unless you were born into privilege, however.

You can be very intimidating as well as stubborn, self-important and condescending.

You present an impression of poise and good manners at all times.

Your gaze alone can scare off some weaker individuals.

Regardless of what you set out to do, you do it with drama and high style because your world consists of a stage of self-assurance.

You are almost sure to get what you want once you set your sights on it; whether it be an occupation, a romance or a special prize.

Things always work out for you.

You do not think you are right, you actually know you are, and this makes you capable of huge and almost scary super-human efforts.

No one who knows you would ever dare tease you because you take yourself so seriously.

You know your limitations and you have no need to be reminded, but, like all Capricorns, you are also well aware of your endowments and capabilities too.

Your managerial and leadership qualities are awesome.

There are no limits to the great things you can achieve in life, as long as you restrict your big ego to a reasonable extent.

You also have a very pragmatic and responsible side in spite of that extravagant showiness.

You are able to assume a lot of responsibility, even with that absurd outfit you might have on.

What you desire more than anything is just to be highly thought of and valued for the amazing person you know yourself to be.

You are just seeking attention with your flamboyance, but luckily for them, most Leo-Capricorns do get plenty of respect.

People actually worship and love you.

You will always have more than enough admiration and respect for your ego demands, so it is best to tone down your performance a bit and step off your high horse.

You think others should be as serious about things as you are because you are a severe judge.

They need to always abide by your decisions.

It can be difficult working for you because of your watchful, nearly dictatorial stare.

You are a strong manager who makes workers shake in their boots.

There is a very tender and frequently anxious person below that hard exterior and those big displays of magnificence.

 You express yourself with spectacular style as well as feeling and you are outspoken.

Your sarcasm and keen perception are widely known, and you can be a combination of speaker, comedian, speechwriter, or dramatist.

George Bernard Shaw is a great example of a Leo-Gemini.

Unfortunately a con artist is also possible with this combination.

You are no exception to the fact that Leos are lazy.

Anything that requires order and concentration is strictly avoided and you are great at delegating responsibility and thus avoiding work.

You need to be the center of attention or you are not happy.

All parts of you, from your humor to your hair, to your ability to speak well, seek adoration and ego boosting.

You do have, after all, a large ego.

You often keep away from the very challenges that could give you some real self-esteem and recognition.

Frequently, a heavy social calendar is actually your way of avoiding responsibility.

You are quite removed even though people think you are understanding, compassionate and sociable.

It is amazing how readily you can end an affection or relationship without crying a tear.

Your outbursts are more of a show than passion.

You are a very discerning critic because of your aptitude to observe and evaluate others from afar, but this may cause your friends a lot of disappointment.

You are never fearful to tell your partner how you feel because you are open and unrestrained in love.

Due to your deep-seated need for variety and exhilaration, your romantic life is constantly in flux.

The inner Gemini impatience repeatedly causes you to be irresponsible no matter how resolute and hard-working you may seem to others.

Concentrating your energies on one area is not simple for you.

Your curious mind is always seeking exploration and your greatest happiness is constant diversity.

Living for thrills and stimulation should be stopped and you should focus more on lasting self-fulfillment.

You will achieve much more in the end if you are patient.

You can find incredible expression via reporting, writing or drama so ideally, the creative strengths of your Leo character can be fulfilled.

Your combination has versatility and, actually, you can stand out in almost any field you choose.

You can talk anyone into anything so you would be a wonderful salesperson.

Gaining social distinction and recognition will probably use much of your time.

This can become very strong for some Leo-Gemini.

 You think the world you live in is your realm and personal recreational area.

You frequently mistake friends for serfs.

You get mixed up, offended or irritated when the world fails to be grateful for your heavenly despotism.

You are open, positive and playful.

Your magnetic company repeatedly draws people to you.

People ultimately realize that the only thing that you are interested is you.

Even though you a have special brand of magnetism, you are not egotistical or self-serving and your kindness, allegiance and generosity are boundless.

It is just a matter of you never getting over your attraction for the image that you have of yourself.

You want everyone to go along with your view and your will.

You are kind of a compassionate egomaniac.

They do not know that once they are your friends, they have little chance of staying the same.

Behavior alteration is an area you are good at.

Most are better than they were before getting to know you and, luckily, only a few experience permanent damage.

Being noticed is often what your behavior is intended to do.

Consider, for example, your clothing.

Anything goes for the theatrical and colorful double Leo, who is never happy doing things halfway.

You do have a cold aspect, and if you must be brutal in order to get what you want, you will, even though you are essentially kindly and protective.

If necessary, you will be disloyal to your own high morality of honesty and faithfulness to fulfill your material requirements.

You have to work hard in order to sustain those excessive tastes.

You think you are above the law in many ways and need to answer only to yourself.

You are engrossed in ceremony, glamour and spectacle and anything that is dramatic and showy.

You are an idealist, but also astute and your piercing gaze can see through tastelessness and dishonesty.

Your decisions are almost never based in reason.

Your heart always has the final say.

You just pick yourself up and make believe it never happened if some spontaneous decision causes you to get burned.

Courage and will, keep you forever bouncing back anew.

Despite your flamboyance and casual air, you also have a very solemn side to your nature.

Leo-Leos want the acknowledgment and status they know they deserve and are proud and dignified.

 You are prevented from seeing the world as it actually is because of this overly optimistic vision.

You become disoriented and nervous when actual reality interrupts.

You expect everyone to be naturally kind, dependable, and compassionate like you are, and this interferes with your judgment.

You have already learned, no doubt, that many people are not up to your personal standards.

People are attracted to your friendly personality and even-tempered nature.

You are sociable and pleasant.

When you are in a position that requires tact or have center stage you thrive.

You help to settle problems and disagreement with grace and a calm manner, as do most Leos.

Your view of life is dreamy and romantic.

Fortunately, your naive innocence as well as good nature and charm, usually brings out the best in others and works to your benefit as well.

It is not easy for the Leo-Libra to be a person in charge, but they have strong leadership drives.

You worry about hurting people’s feelings and you dislike infringing on anyone else's territory.

Furthermore, you always want to be admired by everybody.

You never do anything until you have heard everyone's opinion so decision-making is also hard.

You naturally dedicate a lot of time to recreation and sensual enjoyment because both signs of this combination love comfort and leisure.

However, idleness can become a way of life, particularly when you feel you are not getting all the acknowledgment you merit.

Professions that offer prestige you do well in.

Excellent choices are cinema, the arts, marketing, and design.

In addition, you would be good in all fields involving adjudicating conflicts or settling differences.

You are perplexed when viewpoints conflict, as they always do.

You just go with your Leo hunch most of the time.

Pride is a very powerful aspect in your combination, and you often see yourself by the way others see you, instead of the way you really are.

You can build up a very repressed and self-conscious attitude if you get too much criticism at some point in your life.

Remembering that your view is just as correct as anyone else's helps maintain a sturdy and healthy self-image.

Refrain from giving so much credence to what other people may be thinking.

You assure your many friends with your natural charm, but your endless need for compliments and approval may drain them.

You run the risk of backsliding into states of indecisiveness, anxiety, and worst of all, weariness, when you feel unacknowledged.

 You are a very fascinating Leo for sure, because of nobility of spirit and worldly charm, which makes for a very interesting mixture.

You possess self-regard, dash, and a magnetic presence that intrigues people without you needing to brag.

Your Pisces inner being is a very kind, tender, and unselfish one but your Leo personality is ambitious, emphatic, aggressive, and attracted to leadership.

This is rather a remarkable difference of aspects.

Most Leo-Pisces people will elect to meet the needs of their egos first if they are made to choose the spiritual or the materialistic.

You are really very pragmatic, matter-of-fact and shrewd in spite of your elevated ideals and humanitarian persuasions that are also present.

While young, you were surely a romantic, affirmative and distressingly sensitive person; but slowly, after seeing the world as cruel and exacting, your innocence wore off.

You came to realize that if you could adjust, you would prosper and this had a basic appeal to you.

By nature, you are still good-hearted and considerate of others, but you will work very hard to get material comfort and status too.

Few would ever guess how strong-willed and ambitious you really are underneath, because you are usually easy going, and your way of persuasion is so elusive and indirect.

Because of this, you can succeed in business with your excellent ability to charm and impress others when that soft approach is most effective.

Your elegant and sensitive being may attract you to the arts, however, even though you are clever in the business world.

You set exacting standards for yourself.

Sometimes you may be afraid of your own power to frighten people and you may feel guilty for using it.

Your great imagination can make you tense.

Many Leo-Pisces are bothered by imaginary sickness, and fear of the unknown.

Stay active socially, because too much solitude will only make your fears worse.

Be creative instead, with your vivid imagination.

You love the stage, design and creativity in general.

Most health fields and even being a doctor would be good choices.

No matter how dedicated and motivated you are, you never lower your ethical standards because in all of your activities, as is the case with all Leos, you value honesty, loyalty and trust.

You are very centered in that regard.

You will aim your Leo fervency to assisting others and doing charitable work after you feel totally satisfied with your accomplishments and have satisfied your desire for luxury and comfort.

You will move on then.

Some problems for Leo-Pisces are often unnecessary.

You may not feel completely comfortable with all those ambitious goals.

 You are generally moving but there are uncommon times when you are silent.

This only shows that you are preparing some new action or venture.

You do not just sit and dream about excitement, you actually go for it.

You want respect and standing and set high goals for yourself like most Leos.

Recklessness undermines those positive activities very often.

You are an eternal child at heart regardless of how old you seem, how hard working you are or how responsible you may be.

You have an affinity for exploration and romance that will last your entire life and you are tolerant, enthusiastic and playful.

You are an eternal optimist and very active.

You have no time for depression or self-pity.

You never bottle up your feelings and you are a bit naive.

You are well known for your up-front views, frankness, and openness.

Truthfulness and reliability are your principles.

You are self-confident and spirited and have the assurance to put your magnificent ideas into practice.

Action probably describes you better than any other word.

Nearly everything in the world fascinates you.

With, so many new friends to make, so many new places yet to discover, and so many dreams to consider, it is not surprising you cannot find the time to conclude anything.

A daily difficulty for you is controlling your impatience.

You must learn to direct your abilities and energies in a more limited area of activities and interests for you to be actually creative and productive.

Make sure that your position or other involvement handles your need for stimulation and diversity, because if monotony or drudgery starts, you are ready to leave.

You are impatient when it comes to obeying someone’s orders and it is not simple for you to be in a low-level role.

You must be the leader on the job and at home.

You are totally independent.

A certain amount of deference is needed in everyone's life, so learn to be humble now and then.

You are sure to be your own boss eventually in any case.

You will stay with things tenaciously, once you have discovered something that keeps your attention.

You are not going to have many psychological hang-ups because you are so open and unreserved.

Being deceitful with yourself or with others is almost impossible for you.

One of the few barriers to complete fulfillment is pride.

Your manner is distinguished, at times a bit haughty and condescending and you are a born aristocrat.

 You relish a good battle and, in fact, if there is not a lot of competition, you feel somewhat cheated and let down.

You are very motivated and determined, even though you show a playful image to the world.

You probably believe that, if you ever revealed yourself, you would give your enemies an advantage, even though most of your enemies exist solely in your mind.

Consequently you are very secretive in order to protect yourself.

Your view yourself and humanity with the greatest importance and you are a very intense Leo.

You approach is almost always a serious one.

Jokes at your expense are not thought of kindly.

You generally have a master plan for life, and you carefully follow it because you are purposeful, bold, and aggressive about everything.

A kind of wall is built around you.

You desire all the comfort, authority and control you can get from life.

You like material possessions and are sensual.

Nothing can hold you back after you have set your sights on a job, toy or romance.

You go after your aims with quiet firmness, and your charisma, self-assurance, and ruthless willpower help you to get them.

You have a lot of determination, fortitude, and a strong sense of purpose because both signs of your combination are fixed, but that also makes you obstinate and rigid, especially pertaining to your beliefs.

It is very hard for you to accept the views or opinions of others.

You are very independent, and you seldom compromise.

You have a very low stress threshold thanks to your rigidity.

Aggression, irritation, or injured pride cannot be held in for very long and it is generally released quickly.

You are obstinate and somewhat spirited.

You are very insightful and astute to the ways of the world unlike most Leos.

Finance, management and business attract you, as do most things involving competition.

You have probably experienced strong creative desires, however.

A Scorpio Moon can inspire and assist the creative needs of the Leo Sun.

You rarely follow through on those artistic desires because you are so worried about instant gratification including things such as when you might get your promotion or have your next sexual conquest.

You might be the next van Gogh or Picasso if you would redirect some of those sensual drives and use some restraint.

In this lifetime, when there is so much going on, your creative talents are not likely to find an outlet.

 You are theatrical, forceful and purposeful and there is a heaviness to your being.

There are a limited number of things you want in life, but they can become powerful in terms of your priorities.

You go after power and position primarily for the comfort and lavishness they provide because you are sensual and worldly.

You are somewhat of an egoist as are most Leos.

You try hard to accomplish your dreams and goals with confidence in your strengths and intuition.

You are extremely motivated and this goes with the fact that you have two fixed signs.

That results in a strong resolve to achieve the high goals you have set for yourself.

You can, however, thwart yourself in spite of your commendable qualities.

You are very serious about yourself and your actions.

You are also headstrong, obstinate, brave, and resolute.

You tend to have a lot of common sense and wisdom.

Most of the time, you are calm, composed, and understanding.

But you can be just the reverse.

You will be unpredictable, morose, difficult and even oppressive if you are in a demanding situation or things are just not the way you want them.

Impudence and inflexibility often hinder your judgment and cause you to unconsciously chip away at your own efforts.

It is not simple for you to admit defeat and not having things your way can bring about states of depression, and fits of temper.

You might also take out your fury on those around you.

An extraordinary sense of pride and powerful ego bring this about.

Success is not continuous for anyone unless they are very fortunate.

Everyone must learn to handle dissatisfaction at times.

Remove yourself a little more from your actions.

Eventually, inner peace and contentment can only come from within, so the next time you feel let down or irritated, do not take it so seriously.

Look from a distance instead.

Your vision is far reaching and you are practical.

Furthermore you have a wide and sweeping vision, but the total faith you have in yourself often causes you to reject or ignore the opinions of other people.

You have often ignored what others have said only to find out your blunder later on.

Only after you have learned to work together with people are you capable of incredible creativity.

Open your mind to some advice since you cannot be correct all the time.

Learn to value and accept other points of view and lighten up in your confidence.

Perhaps you were born to lead, but the finest leaders know full well to cooperate now and then.

 You have a contradictory mixture in your character.

Your Leo Sun desires recognition, standing, and influence, but your Virgo Moon needs the security and steadiness of a less dangerous role.

The position of leadership you feel you merit is held in the background by your reserved nature.

Your need to help others must contend with your desire for admiration and attention.

But, both sides of your character work together pleasantly for the most part.

Although you are still able to voice your views and use your organizational abilities to control authority from behind the scenes, you may not be a vibrant manager or supervisor.

An internal nature that is timid and somewhat restrained is hidden by the incisive, analytical, and exacting external show of direction and certitude.

You look for power through mental activities instead of getting the authority and status you crave through real leadership.

Your pen rather than the sword is your preferred weapon of choice.

If you have an issue, there are occasions when you can be very critical, even egotistical, in your views and suppositions.

Although you are inclined to be a little too frank in verbalizing your interpretations, you are usually amazingly correct with them.

It is little wonder you so frequently alienate people.

Virgo's emotional conservatism restrains you socially to an extent.

However, you are charismatic, outgoing and friendly and want to be the life of the party.

Maybe because of guilt about taking part too vigorously or permitting yourself too much pleasure, it is hard to completely let go of those inhibitions.

Reporting and communications, in addition to endeavors that require mental depth and detailed analysis, are professionally good choices for this combination.

An ordered and regimented framework is where you work the best.

Living up to the stiff requirements of a Leo ego can make you overwork; you direct a lot of your Leo passion and interest into your occupation.

You will find a way to lead others even if it is out-producing them.

You may push yourself too hard because you are a perfectionist.

You will slip into states of too much criticism, agitation, and severe nervousness if you are too hard on yourself.

You may aim your aggravation at friends and associates.

Inspire those around you instead using your stiff ethical code.

 You are particularly attracted to the mysterious and the uncharted.

You add tremendous insights into the psychology of people through observation and social contact and are a full-time scholar of human nature.

You have no doubt felt strong impulses to assist others many times in your life.

When mixed with an Aquarian Moon the artistic dispositions, sensibility, and social consciousness of Libra are enhanced.

You discover yourself and lose yourself via others because you are extremely social, but in most respects you are autonomous and self-sufficient.

Friend is the word you use the most and you consider everyone a friend of yours until proven to the contrary.

You have almost a phobia of loneliness and isolation, but it is essentially ungrounded partly because it is very rare to find a Libra- Aquarius who is not popular with nearly everyone.

Practically no one can resist your cheerful, sociable and humble spirit.

The Aquarian Moon, replacing that with scientific inquisitiveness and compassionate instincts, removes some of the Libran vanity and superficiality.

The key to your nature is fascination and everyone and everything fascinate you.

Your powerful imagination and compassion cause you to project far beyond your own self and to identify with the happiness and pain of those near you like the feelings were your own.

This can be dangerous because that almost Christ-like conscience may carry a heavy burden with too many social duties, as though the sufferings of mankind were completely on you.

Your imagination works continuously.

You frequently get lost in the deceptions of your mind.

You are an idealist and a romantic.

There are occasions when you abruptly understand that life does not match your idyllic prospects.

If you do not make yourself alter your Pollyanna viewpoint, disenchantment and misfortune may ensue.

In mind and spirit you are a maverick.

You rebuff the old fashioned and always look for new ways of expression and purpose.

George Gershwin, the jazz composer, personified the creative sensitivity and innovation of Libra- Aquarius.

Your cheerful and even-tempered nature hides a very deep, solemn, and often gloomy soul.

For Libra-Aquarians depression is common.

A more sensible, and balanced perspective is the challenge for you to develop.

Try not to allow your sense of social concern to turn you from self-analysis even though your disquiet for others is real.

Think more in terms your own contentment and completion.

By example then, you will aid others.

 You love to play the devil's advocate and take the differing side in any conversation.

If the discussion becomes slow, you will come up with some outrageous and contentious statement.

Tomfoolery is your hobby.

Some of that restive disquiet can be handled through self-discipline, which counteracts it.

Centering your enthusiasm on a destination or interest is vital.

Rather than wasting your vigor and talents in numerous directions, try focusing your activities and concentrating on one thing at a time.

Disproportionate reliance on fantasy is one of the risks you face.

You may appear to be the mild, passive, and laid-back Libran, but deep inside burns the scorching spirit of an Aries.

All the exhilaration and motion immediately tells people that you are there.

You find it hard just sitting quietly and there is no time for silent meditation or relaxation.

Nevertheless, like all Libras, you want peace of mind and emotional equilibrium.

Your constant craving for originality upsets your Libra scales and brings about tension.

You are fidgety and autonomous.

Your unvarying enemy is boredom.

Things never seem as lively as you like them, so you dream of worlds full of adventure and romance.

Fantasy is good for you, but to an extreme it can be very hazardous.

You will be in better shape if you keep your attention fixed on future ends instead of dwelling on passing upsets or defeats of the moment.

Your sparkling vigor, used correctly, can also take you to wonderful heights, but Libra-Arians have to deal with anxiety.

You are a little self-absorbed but also have a very romantic character.

The Libra-Aries must have as many distractions as possible to battle that inclination to withdraw into illusion.

Your two signs are so opposite in nature that you may find yourself the victim of repeated mood swings.

Your Aries inner being is unruly and just plain bothersome, however, as with all Libras, you believe in peacekeeping and benevolence.

The result is alternating between shyness and assertiveness as well as ecstasy and despair, cheerfulness and anguish.

You should attempt to keep away from overly anxious situations that bring about these mood changes.

It is imperative that you give your Libra side a chance too, by taking time out for meditation and contemplation, even though you may secretly flourish with stimulation and tension.

Be careful also about morose self-pity.

 You are astute and highly insightful.

People are jealous of your peace of mind and air of serenity.

They react to your quiet attraction, lightheartedness and optimism.

Your crafty and subtle wit can bring delight to those around you.

Because you have surely endured your portion of blows and disenchantments, experience has taught you a lot about how to deal with people and the world around you.

Libra's warmth and aesthetic admiration is added to the emotional astuteness, resourcefulness, and understanding of a Cancer Moon.

Your two greatest assets are allure and flexibility.

You have certainly learned that compassion, negotiation, and diplomacy can work where hostility and toughness fail.

As a result you are a mild, peaceable soul.

You know how to get used to the stress and grimness of life and your ability to understand people allows you to go far.

Both of your signs are cardinal ones, which indicates you are a lively, determined and a socially concerned person.

Your specialty is people.

You can play any role conceivable, knowing instinctively what people desire and expect, but playing roles can be dangerous at times.

You are, you will discover, a whole lot tougher and resilient than you thought you were.

Stop fretting so much about what others think and just be yourself.

Learn to appreciate and love yourself for who you are.

There is almost nothing you are unable to achieve once you have overcome insecurity.

You have a wonderful aesthetic sense and a powerful imagination so art, design and music are all areas in which you can be successful.

Your social insight can be used in a creative manner in humanitarian work and diplomacy because you have a keen understanding of people.

Former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt was a Libra-Cancer.

You are a master negotiator and diplomat.

Amazingly you awoke one day unsure of whom you actually are.

Over-accommodating is something that all Libra-Cancers need to beware of.

You are only happy when others seem happy as well, but you must not sacrifice your sense of being for their sake.

You believe it is imperative to protect your feelings like all sensitive and psychologically vulnerable people.

There is a risk that in protecting yourself you will lose your individuality completely.

Do not erect such high walls that your personality loses.

 You reach out to understand other people hoping to find out how to untie and release your own being.

Most of all, you search out approval.

You more than likely had a tough or unhappy childhood because the two signs of your combination are in discord and that generally signifies conflict.

Confirmation that may have not been there when young is what you may feel is needed to gain attention now.

Deep down inside you might feel a lot of doubt but like other Libras, you are delightful, friendly, and sociable.

This makes you well liked, but you are a very sensitive and serious individual as well.

You may never lose that inner feeling of regret and sadness that you have inside, but you have a strong sense of self-esteem too.

Value and love yourself for what you are instead of what you think you ought to be.

Do not judge yourself so harshly.

You most likely have strong creative aims like all serious and self-examining people.

You can put some of those perceptions into action after you have conquered or resolved your inner battles.

Political activism, law, and high-level management are professionally what are best suited for you.

While your need for instant acknowledgment and approval can hold back creative development, you may also have musical and artistic abilities.

Libras are captured by figure and splendor first and generally have very specific criteria when selecting a partner.

Always evaluating and comparing to determine which qualities to admire and copy and which to throw away, you watch others from a distance.

You are a great diplomat because of the insight you gain from your constant observations.

Politics is your strong point because you are astute but somewhat Machiavellian.

Supposedly, your motives are to bring about harmony and justice, but your innermost desire is to boost your ego, even if this means dishonesty and exploitation.

Your final aim can be merely to improve your own place and increase power, but you are forever blameless in your advance.

You may just end up being another firebomb if you use your social talents just to boost your pride.

If your aspirations and diplomatic skills are used in a positive manner, you could be a hero, however.

How can you do things in a positive way? Gaining more respect and approval for yourself is what comes first.

Stop fretting so much about what others think of you and focus on establishing your character.

 Expressiveness is one of your best talents.

Because people feel your basic sincerity they react positively to your refined and easygoing manner so you are able to convince others of almost anything.

Most people like your frankness and know your intentions are always the best, even though you frequently alienate some with your keen wit.

You have to struggle against tediousness and lack of interest.

When joined with a Gemini Moon the social consciousness and mental strengths of Libra are finely tuned.

Restlessness and inquisitiveness push you to discover the world, to seek answers and hidden truths.

You are a real intellectual who stands apart and is objective and it is hard for you to comprehend those who are satisfied with outside impressions or who choose to settle for the shallow parts of life.

You have a love for thrills and diversity and are passionate and excitable.

Half of you is spent getting yourself into trouble while the other half is attempting to get out of it.

You can easily slide into the trap thinking that the world provides no comfort or promise because you are inclined to see life from a removed perspective,.

You may seek out transcendental experiences through spirituality and the occult arts, rather than placing your faith in the here and now.

No matter how much you attempt to conform and adjust to the world you reside in, you will never stop sensing that you actually belong in another other time and place.

Your fundamental buoyancy and positive reception of life's biting wit should see you through, no matter how gloomy or estranged you may feel.

You have superb diplomatic abilities in addition to purely rational or artistic abilities.

You will always hurry to arbitrate any problem in your environs if strain or conflict disrupts things.

Law, government or social service are places this skill in mediation can be applied.

You are a pagan and a radical at heart.

Disillusionment with the world can bring about an assortment of harmful answers: You are an excellent actor and you may choose to play roles that fit the moment or you could depart completely.

Just being yourself is a challenge.

Try to recognize your being and your individuality.

Only by discovering from others can you start to believe who you actually are, so be socially engaged.

Your sense of humor is one thing you have going for you and you are able to express amusement with yourself and at the human predicament.

 You have strong leadership abilities that your Leo Moon gives you.

You make sure you are in the focus of things no matter what you are involved with.

Maybe you believe you have a mission in life and you have a powerful sense of purpose.

A good example of a very developed Libra-Leo is Mahatma Gandhi.

Libra’s skills in peacekeeping are improved by Leo's inner self-assurance and high ideals.

Your biggest asset is your personality and it is one reason why people are attracted to you.

You have an even temperament in addition to your charisma and charm.

Your cheerful nature and positive outlook can improve the blackest mood.

You treat others with esteem, compassion, and trust because you believe in their natural decency and dignity.

Most people can see your honesty and respond with the same friendliness.

A social life is very significant to you, partly resulting from your desire for esteem and attention.

The flaw of vanity can easily be an issue for Libra-Leos, because there is constantly the risk that they will become worried about the image they present to people.

Seeking popularity can become a major focus for some Libra-Leos.

What needs to be remembered is your social schedule and what it entails may simply be your own way of avoiding reality.

Self-fulfillment can be improved by actually doing some of the things you say, but beware of lowering your energies trying to get approval and admiration.

Those around you do not always have your view of things.

When you learn that some do not have the integrity you do, annoyance often results.

You have a lot of luck and it is a strong part of your life.

You never feel happy resting on your laurels and you are active almost all the time.

One of the things, however, that you need to learn, is to center your passion.

You enjoy being involved in a lot of activities at the same time like most Librans, and you may spread out your energies, making it hard for you to choose a profession.

A sturdy and righteous sense of mission is something you have, but it may be ill defined.

Experience teaches most Libra-Leos, however.

You might stick tenaciously to your lofty visions when young, being involved in one cause after another, but with the passage of time your Libra ability to cooperate saves you from complete disillusionment and leads the way to real wisdom.

Reason is less important than intuition for you.

You tend to behave impetuously because your hunches often prove correct.

Rewards actually sometimes come from your recklessness.

  Your insightful inspection crushes the most impregnable defense mechanism.

You hate serenity because you are excitable and drawn to pleasure, no matter how blameless and saintly you may appear.

You really love stirring things up.

You will commence the most outrageous and contentious argument just to liven things up.

You especially enjoy this when the chat slows down to an ordinary pace.

You are endlessly fascinated with people; how they behave, what their clothes are, and why they do certain things.

You do not have much time left to look within yourself.

You can become overly interested in the lives and life- styles of others.

You will not give in until you have learned someone’s innermost secrets and not many get away from your observations once they have gotten your attention.

Often you get you into trouble with that desire for rumor and conspiracy, but if someone points a finger at you accusing you of interfering, you turn on that angelic charm.

Venus luck comes immediately to your aid.

Some of your actions are tricky enough to bring about violent action, but your charm prevents it.

You somehow always manage to stay people’s sweetheart in spite the difficulty you find yourself in or the individuals you disaffect.

You have variable mood levels and you need a lot of distractions.

For long periods, you may be all energy and enthusiasm and then suddenly drop into a dark hole of weariness and indecisiveness that can take can take weeks to get rid of.

Be a little more moderate.

You have strong parasitic inclinations, and it is important for Libra-Libras to get a lot of professional preparation as young as possible, so they can learn to practice their talents fruitfully.

In the areas of human relations (particularly labor relations), writing, law and social work, your perceptivity into human actions can be priceless.

Furthermore, you have a sophisticated aesthetic capacity and can shine in art, jewelry design, music and fashion.

Your love life is vital to your general health and you are quite romantic.

It is important that you attempt as much as possible to maintain your emotional scales in balance.

You can do this and have fun too.

Think things through and scrutinize your own inner workings and try allowing yourself some silent, relaxing moments.

You have been blessed with a very good mind, astonishing diplomatic abilities, and a strong imagination.

How you employ these things is another matter.

Like all Librans, you favor comfort and ease to effort and accountability.

  The pain of another person deeply hurts you too because you are gentle and sophisticated.

Hatred or dishonesty are almost unknown to you and you are always thoughtful in your dealings with others.

Your path to self-realization may be barricaded by tepidness and uneasiness, as with all very sensitive and creative people.

You are a very creative, sensitive, highly instinctive, and artistically inclined Libra.

Practical expression can be found for many of your abilities.

Your seeming tranquility and serenity amazes people.

All working to your advantage in life are your diplomacy, charm, and subtle expressiveness.

When young, you were naïve and innocent.

It was, perhaps difficult to adapt to some of the tougher realities of life.

Luckily, you are flexible and realize when to compromise.

Therefore, through experience, you slowly comprehended how to survive in a world you saw as hostile.

You run the risk of being repetitive and overly polite in your adult life.

You are only happy if those near you are happy and you too often sacrifice your own happiness for the sake of others.

Take control of your surroundings, instead of letting your environment be in charge of you.

One of your biggest gifts is intuition.

Your noteworthy intuition makes most of the decisions you make.

With money, this is particularly true, and you somehow know incisively the right moment for a venture or investment.

You work best in partnerships, as do all Libras, preferably with a person who can balance your tact with aggression.

You have a great artistic sense and your vision is intense.

You endure so that others may smile.

Moreover, you do not put yourself forward, so others frequently get credit for your ideas.

You need to take more chances and be more aggressive.

It would be a pity, with so much ability, to let it go to waste.

You may succumb to self-disgust or masochism, if you someday feel unrealized.

Respecting yourself is important for you.

Your environment has a lot of influence on your emotional health.

You have to be measured when choosing associates and friends because you tend to adapt the moods and positions of those near you.

Your relationships should be re-examined from time to time, ascertaining whether they are emotionally confirming or possibly damaging and harmful.

 You must have the room to believe and do, as you want.

You most admire honesty, both in yourself and in others.

You are never fearful to do what you think is moral or to say precisely what you feel.

Your outlook is idealistic and your perspective broad and extensive, but you may have some bewilderment when you find that others do not always match your standards of integrity or subscribe to your strange beliefs.

You draw people to you with your free-spirited, courageous, and cheerful nature.

Because your character is very self-governing, excitable, and restive, freedom is what you need most.

You become incensed when someone tries to limit your expressive style or infringe on your way of life, even though you are even- tempered in most cases.

Seeing the world through rose-colored glasses is a Libra-Sagittarian preference, so even if you believe you are always being truthful and uncomplicated in your dealings, there are times when brutal idealism stops you from perceiving the whole truth.

Do not allow philosophy to rule every move or blind you to the more pragmatic parts of life just because your convictions are admirable.

You like to play with abstract notions and ideas as an intellectual and details always slow you down.

You prefer thinking about the infinite of surveying the universe to balancing your checkbook.

Many of your lofty ideas can be put to good use in a more practical realm.

Nothing is better for the Libra-Sagittarian than to go off on an African safari or an Alaskan expedition, so go ahead and book your ticket .Any sort of physical exercise is also good for you.

You are an idealist with love, as with all things.

Fantasizing about your perfect lover is usually the start.

You are a great lover and are giving, affectionate and open.

Unfortunately most of them stay stuck in your mind, just because you lack discipline.

Mix it with some good old- fashioned common sense and think of what you could do with all that inspiration.

The barriers have been broken before.

Imagination is a very powerful aspect of your combination.

Do not let your overactive mind take you off into Fantasy Land in the middle of a chat or a day at work.

Fantasy is not a substitute for experience, but you admittedly you do need both to be healthy.

It is likely that you feel a need to travel to faraway lands because your combination has a lot of restless energy and inquisitiveness.

 You place a high value on being rational and diplomatic and you try always to stay objective and just in your assessments.

Scorpio fervor, aggressiveness and passion, however, smolder under that cool and calm exterior you present.

You have an inner nature that is motivated and obstinate, and although your style might be that of peace, inside lies the motivation and intention of a warrior.

Your combination joins peaceable and tactful Libra with forceful, enigmatic and aggressive Scorpio.

All this means that you are a very multifaceted person.

You probably show many of the qualities of the Libra outwardly and strive for peace, accord, and inner tranquility.

With your friends and colleagues you are peaceful and thoughtful.

At home in your environment, you are relaxed with yourself.

Regardless of how delightful, naive, and youthful you seem on the exterior, when the time comes to take charge and exploit a personal gain, you can quickly come out as a critical, up-front, and astute individual.

Less observant people are caught totally unaware and you usually end up shocking even your closest friends.

Having conceived a goal or idea, you almost never rest until you have followed it through to the end.

There is nothing idle or careless about you, but like all Libras, you really enjoy distraction and recreation.

Being involved with others is something you have a strong need and desire for.

You often reject the sound advice that others give you.

It is a good idea to keep your mind open even though it is important to value your own personal views, especially in times of pressure.

Your combination has the potential of academic and spiritual awakening on a big scale and great promise if it is pursued faithfully.

With your good leadership you can assist in paving the way to self- realization as long has the approach is balanced.

Presidents Dwight Eisenhower and Jimmy Carter are two examples of this combination.

You most likely feel you have a purpose in life and are motivated to assist people and to change outmoded attitudes.

You have strong political and diplomatic abilities because of your instinctive knowledge of what makes others tick.

Your philosophy is generally realistic and careful, although you are a positive person by nature.

You can be fairly closed to a differing perspective and at times people think you are intolerant even though you may think of yourself as open-minded.

 Your personality combines the mature wisdom and logic of Taurus with the fairness and restraint of Libra.

Nothing bothers you more than the idea of harming a person.

You always have a fundamental quality of principle and stability but externally; you may appear to be on edge as well as excitable.

You have an even approach to the world and are kind, and forbearing.

You give the benefit of the doubt at all times.

You have a captivating personality and an amazingly even disposition because Venus, the planet of romance, harmony, and accord, rules both of your signs.

You have an advantage in life because of your allure, tact and compassion.

If there is serious difficulty, or a terrible crisis, your tranquil and self-confident presence can prevent a disaster.

You love lavishness and comfort and are quite sensual and acquisitive, but you should be cautious to keep pleasure from becoming an end in itself.

You always have the possibility of falling into weariness or intemperance even though you have many gifts to offer.

You are able to assume a lot of responsibility, as are all Moons in Taurus people, and you have the willpower and inner tenacity to motivate yourself to the top.

Still, you can be enticed into remaining in a soft, comfortable, and anxiety free environment.

This way you can avoid one that is high-paced.

You may settle for instant satisfaction in a vocation or an expedient marriage that provides safety and little risk, but pass up a lot of demanding opportunities.

You need to get out into natural surrounding at times because of your rustic spirit.

This is especially true when pressures begin to rise.

You might also get away momentarily into your vibrant imagination but make sure you do not forget to return to reality.

Libra-Taurus often experience heartbreak.

Sentimental feelings and emotions often take you away and warp your otherwise good judgment and you are not as objective as other Librans, Attempt to put yourself in an objective mindset and move back now and then.

As with all Venus-ruled people, you have a visual intellect and a wonderful imagination.

You can easily do well in music, art, and design.

Business is an additional opening for the Libra-Taurus because you also have a natural grasp for money and finance.

Social work and public relations are good because your diplomatic nature would help you.

 You have a strong need to express yourself and express your views.

Bashfulness and timidity often stop you from meeting the right people even though you want very much to be well liked.

Instead of trying so much to win social recognition by being what you believe people want you to be, you have to learn to be yourself.

In your combination, there is a bonding of the logical ability and critical faculties of Virgo along with the aesthetic understanding and social consciousness of Libra, making you a very insightful and rational individual.

Until you are asked a question or your views are requested, you are calm, reserved, and a little standoffish.

After that you will answer with a long lecture.

You like to examine and reason things out and you are essentially excellent at that.

Your interpretations are almost always correct.

Two Libra-Virgos are William Faulkner and Miguel Cervantes, and their work shows the extraordinary insight of this combination.

You may find yourself compromising some of your very high ideals just to be part of the group.

Being with the right people can increase your influence, so you should attempt to broaden the intellectual and creative talents you can give to the world.

Areas such the legal field, social services, writing and the medical profession can use your extraordinary insight and logical ability.

You can easily get perplexed and agitated if your surroundings are tension-filled and, like all Libras, you need calm, accord, and equilibrium.

Look inside yourself to find peace of mind.

Quiet contemplation and meditation are excellent for the high-strung Libra-Virgo.

Equilibrium, form, and design are your special talents.

You find it difficult to think if the colors in your office do not match, or the furniture is somehow not arranged right.

Both at work and home, it is absolutely necessary that your environment is synchronized with your preferences.

You are fulfilled through work, as are all members of the Moon in Virgo.

You are trusted and esteemed by all who knows, you for your dedication, conscientiousness and sincerity.

Do not let work become the be all and end all for you.

You will be less apt to fall into a "been there done that" outlook of acquiescence if you develop external interests and try to enjoy as many of life's offerings as possible.

Libra-Virgo people often suffer from nervousness and anxiety.

 Your nature is sober and reserved and you cannot stand showiness.

You are compulsively truthful and thorough and you value and respect loyalty and sincerity in others.

There is a wisdom and deep understanding of human nature revealed in your eyes.

You project your sympathy and concern for people to the entire world.

The social reformer, the fervent missionary, and the revolutionary are members of this combination.

Moreover, your interest in science and the mysterious urges you to press the borders of human knowledge.

The result of this mixture of signs can be confusing.

In your combination the intellectual inquisitiveness, peculiarity, and social concern of Aquarius is paired with the deep kindness and compassion of Pisces.

You have a bearing that suggests you are from the distant past.

You have totally changeable moods.

You might gaze off into space at a party, or look like you just arrived from the twilight zone.

But if your musings are interrupted, you do not miss a beat.

Your password is experimentation.

You glide easily through a wide range of concepts and pursuits, until you find the one that suits you best.

Once you have discovered your specialty, whether in science or the occult, you fix on it with resolve and an extraordinary sense of mission.

Your moods need to be gotten under control for any kind of happiness.

Why anyone would desire all the attention that love involves is a mystery to you.

Your mate in life is treated equally but like a friend or co-worker.

It is consequently critical that your partner understand your intellectual and eccentric activities.

Because you are known for your patience and ability to forgive and forget, you will be an easy person to get along with.

The issue of finding the right person is very critical here.

You can be charming and funny one moment, then suddenly go totally silent the next.

Maybe the most important part of your life, even though you do not acknowledge it, is people.

You do not like the idea of frightening them off with your erratic and at times, illogical, behavior.

You want a feeling of camaraderie with a lot people of both genders.

The opposite sex is probably captivated by your otherworldly allure, innocence, and transcendental presence.

People in general are more meaningful to you than are individuals, so you do not have much time for a romance with any single person.

 You are nice, charitable, and sympathetic, especially to yourself.

You are always looking out for your own interests first and you have a high regard for whom you are.

It is not a matter of thinking others are unimportant, rather that you are just more important.

Ease and a lot of security are what you want from life and your extraordinary intuition says you will have it.

A surface that is reserved and shy hides your true intensity and ambition.

You have the impulsive energy and drive of Aries plus the sensitivity and compassion of Pisces.

It surprises people when you drop your modest appearance to become frank and decisive.

You are not naive even though you appear to be a babe in the woods.

Actually, you are a very autonomous and self-sufficient individual.

You know how to get your way with charisma and delicate persuasion because you are sly, shrewd, and subtle.

This is particularly true of the woman Pisces-Aries.

You know automatically who to trust and who to pass by because of your amazing sixth sense.

You are very impulsive as are all Moons in Aries people, and you love pleasure.

Taking chances just for the fun of it may be what you love, but it might also bring you trouble.

Curb your impatience and learn to slow down now and then.

Your Pisces character is rather inhibited, so when the time comes for action, you may be indecisive but your Aries Moon gives you big aspirations and a need to assert yourself.

In addition, not desiring to exceed those who are weaker than you are, maybe you feel a bit guilty about aggressive behavior.

Others do not have to pay the price of self-fulfillment, however.

It would be good to learn this.

Your Sun-Moon combination is favorable to leadership jobs, especially in charitable and service-oriented groups.

A career in medicine or engineering, in addition, is possible because of your keen, perceptive mind.

You have an emotionally charged Aries inner character, so you could become a productive artist and your Pisces vision and creative facility are improved by self-expression.

Your quick mind, appeal, and flexibility unite to help assure your success once those inhibitions have been defeated.

Your real kindness of spirit and consideration will bloom after you have attended to your own needs.

Your sympathy is forever with the underdog and you have strong protective instincts.

Do not become condescending though, because for some Pisces-Arians, helping people can just be an ego enhancement.

 You have almost limitless potential talents.

Drive is the only thing that is lacking in you.

Your difficulty is not one of inner divergence, but the nonexistence of it.

You are somewhat complacent.

There is almost a perfect flow of the elements in your combination.

The momentum to attain and to develop your abilities must be refined.

If it is not, you settle for second best.

The comfortable and the sure, too easily satisfy you.

Your sensitivity allows you to adapt effortlessly to almost any circumstance without losing yourself in the procedure and you intuitively know what is needed and what must be done to gain security and contentment.

Your combination indicates serenity, emotional balance, and self-reliance.

Many excellent artists, dancers, and musicians come from this combination because it is one of the most creative.

In difficult times you may be an outstanding survivor, but you do not have the needed vitality to exploit your opportunities when your life is going well.

There is great attraction to give up a hopeful career for home and family for a female Pisces-Cancer.

The incentive to accomplish often fades early for the male of this combination.

Maintaining a disciplined and dynamic life is the challenge for Pisces-Cancer.

Long-lasting and rewarding goals should be what you attempt to attain.

You can be a permanent dreamer, or attain great success.

It is up to you.

You should have no difficulty in your love life because you are very romantic.

There is one exception though; conquering shyness.

Your charisma and elegance captivate and hold members of the opposite sex, once you have gotten by this single issue.

There is no need to quit no matter how tempted you may be.

Involve yourself with individuals who are strongly motivated and fashion an environment that is powerful and demanding.

Through the right associations you can obtain the inner drive to completely realize your creative talents because your sensitivity makes you subject to your surroundings.

Be careful you do not fall into a martyr role.

Your defense mechanisms may already be in use, and you could be thinking of everything you sacrificed your talent for.

Incapable of accepting the responsibility for their situation, the Pisces-Cancer can spend a lifetime in self-pity.

Keep in mind, there are grand possibilities within you and the sky is the limit.

 You are very conscious of your limitations like all Moon in Capricorn natives, but perhaps too much so.

You brood instead of valuing your abilities, and think about your imperfections, even if they are imaginary; and they frequently are.

You think of things you are unable to do rather than envisioning the wonderful things you can succeed at.

Pisces-Capricorn has a fixed pessimism and cynicism, which is their curse.

You have the very sophisticated depth to be successful in highly creative ventures, but your gloomy approach to life might restrain you.

While you are a very sensitive person, you are more tuned into the depressing and miserable parts of life.

The result is a melancholy and negative philosophy of life.

Your unlimited Piscean imagination is imprisoned by a Capricorn inner nature that is careful and old-fashioned.

While you show an image that is worldly and self-confident, you are actually not as confident as you appear.

Beginning in your youth, you probably had to deal with a lot of fear and uncertainty.

As you grew older, in order to balance your insecurity, you devoted much of your energy to your career.

You will eventually become your own boss, or at the least go very far, through your resolve and determination.

You will never be the dictator type regardless of how far your drives take you.

In fact, kindness and sympathy are traits that Pisces-Capricorns are well known for.

Your approach to love is unconventional.

Capricorn coolness stops you from giving everything in a relationship, but you also want to be romantic and have that far-away look.

Until you have found a person who makes you feel secure, it will be hard to have true intimacy.

Your unusual situation will continue until that happens.

You have to first understand how to love and appreciate yourself, of course, before true love is possible.

In the end, it will happen for you and perhaps that hidden romantic can surface.

An organized, conventional framework is where you work best.

You still need to have structure in your life and work in spite of your independence and self-sufficiency.

Especially in business matters you have an excellent intuitive awareness of people that is a big advantage.

Being freer about your feelings is one thing you should learn.

It is ok to open up and share them once in a while.

When you keep in your resentments, frustrations, or tensions, depression often enters the picture.

 You are very charming in your sly manner, and a great comedian.

You acquire friends very easily and need them because, after all, you may need help getting out of the problems you are always having.

Another thing you need is your intuition, which also helps you get by.

The fact is that although you are clever, you just lack common sense.

Scheming is one of your avocations.

You change yourself so often that it is hard for people to know the real you because you are more like three or four people than one.

A good intelligence, astonishing intuition, and cleverness come from your combination.

You are a great character-player, award winning actor and con artist above all else.

Your wits will take you far in life.

You know just what people want and you are bright and very flexible.

You will play any role just to give others what they want.

You never stop moving and your Gemini Moon provides that restless and feisty nature.

On average you might have a dozen ideas, inventions, or ostentatious projects in the works, but you are so flighty that it is unusual for one of them to be completed.

Indecisiveness and indecision curse the Pisces-Gemini.

Setting an objective, or expressing your convictions is hard for you.

You are never certain if your latest idea is yours, or if you have unintentionally gotten it from someone else.

This is because you are so impressionable.

The question you often ask yourself is where are you going.

You need to establish your own identity.

Deep introspection is great, but the key is to be more disciplined.

Cultivate a little patience and control your edgy spirit.

Clarify your objectives and stick to them.

You are inconsistent in romance, as in all things, and generally have several affairs in progress at once.

You truly fall for whoever is nearest.

Your actions can at times be very cold and heartless even though you have a bighearted nature.

The path is clear to a successful love relationship after you have become more contented with your own individuality.

You need to be in an ordered working and living atmosphere.

Most importantly, be sure that those around you are positive for you since you soak up the texture and mood of your environment.

Do not get near con artists or unpredictable people.

You are a conceptual individual, and your solution to a problem is frequently the most innovative.

A lot of your tactics and thoughts are in fact quite resourceful.

You must work with a person who has the level-headedness to bring some of them to completion.

There is no telling what you may achieve together in the event you connect with such an associate.

 You have powerful creative and leadership abilities, as do all natives of Moon in Leo.

You cast an image that is trustworthy and self-assured and occasionally bullying.

People sense that you are capable of great things if you are just given the opportunity.

Actually you do have the strength, charisma, and imagination to make a success, but several issues stand in your way.

For starters, your basic Piscean doubt and reserve often stop you from rising to a position of power or influence.

You want your dress, mannerisms, and modus vivendi to reflect your unique, imaginative personality, so at a party, you are typically the most colorful and the most flamboyant person.

You are not, however, ostentatious or arrogant.

You just have quite a personality.

You are different and irreverent, and known for your frankness, warmth, and fantastic sense of humor.

The Leo Moon provides the usually introverted and timid Pisces a very strong sense of independence and purpose.

A dramatic and unusual person is also the result.

You back off when the opportunity comes to use an advantage or grasp a prospect.

Most of that audacity and clout is just a show, no matter how confident and self-assured you may appear.

You are a great performer.

You may experience nervousness and dissatisfaction with yourself when you discover that you cannot follow up on some of those high-flying plans of yours.

Be careful not to develop an attitude of acquiescence.

Most of your fearfulness is in your mind and you just have to learn to get rid of those deep-seated insecurities.

While others are teaching you, discovering yourself can happen.

Be careful about systematizing and categorizing your thinking because you can be very inflexible at times and even fanatical.

You tend to adhere obstinately to your opinions.

You must struggle to keep your mind open.

Sadly, Pisces-Leo is a very stubborn individual.

The challenge for the Pisces-Leo is to dare and to take chances.

Do not evade responsibility and challenges that might give you the status and achievement you want.

Instead meet them face-to-face.

You are essentially egocentric but you appear demonstrative and friendly.

Some Pisces-Leos reside in their own world and view things through rose-colored glasses.

This propensity handicaps your capability to learn and at times colors your judgment.

Do not shut yourself down.

 The arts appeal to you.

You are most likely a very creative person because you have an exact comprehension of form, beauty, and aesthetics.

Your romantic soul extends to all things.

Nat King Cole, Frederic Chopin and Rudolf Nureyev are natives of your combination.

Your spiritual nature enables you to experience great joy.

For example you can experience awe over hearing a bird sing.

On the other hand, your refined emotions can also be a problem.

People respond well to your soft-spoken kindness and you have an aura of peace.

In your combination, the gentle, peace-loving, romantic Libra enhances the emotional strength, appeal, and sensitivity of Pisces.

The secret to your combination is devotion.

Once you have set your goals in life, few can match you for commitment and determination.

You are also agonizingly aware of the rougher realities of life just as you are connected to the finer things.

For a lot of Pisces-Librans, reality can be quite hard to deal with.

Your unusual imagination might be put to use facing life’s problems.

That way you choose to escape reality.

Possibly you just pick the path of least resistance and select a profession that offers little challenge or reward.

A woman will be tempted by an expedient marriage; one that gives shelter from the world.

We all need comfort and security but we should not settle for less to get it.

Do not waste the many natural endowments and gifts you have.

Your main demand in your life and work is tranquility.

Your emotional balance can be upset by tension and this will cause you to get back in your shell.

It is vital that your life and work environment be equally peaceful even though your combination is conducive to inner harmony.

In many ways you are the ideal partner because you are extremely romantic and capable of getting lost in love.

In a relationship, you know how to balance the give-and-take.

Do not let your partner make all your decisions and become overbearing or controlling.

You need a relationship based on equality.

You are a nice and sharing individual, but be careful of being used by others.

You are not happy unless those around you are.

It is very possible that you are sacrificing your own happiness for others.

There is nothing wrong with being a bit more selfish and self-assertive.

Needless guilt is frequently an issue for the Pisces-Libra.

It is absurd for you to feel guilty just because you are standing up for yourself.

 Things that others cannot understand, natives of your combination have an intuitive understanding of; they experience their environment on a level that is very delicate, almost awe-inspiring.

With their marked spiritual gifts and empathy, they cannot handle seeing suffering.

You are mysterious and carry this with you.

You are not totally from this planet and are a tremendously sensitive and vulnerable soul.

You are almost free of cunning, malice, or deceit.

You are innocent, unquestioning, and conscientious and all of this makes you very vulnerable.

You are saved by intuition, and it is almost your only defense.

Without it, your innocence would leave you open to too much adversity.

Practically as though guided by a guardian angel, you always seem to know just when to charge and when to withdraw, who to trust and who to avoid.

Other worlds concern you more than this one.

Because your imagination is intense Pisces-Pisces finds it hard to differentiate between fantasy and reality at times.

You are a very self-examining person, with a lot of sympathy.

If people thought you were self-centered and worldly when you were young, it was because you were so fearful of not having the comfort and security; you grabbed all the material possessions you could gather.

In fact, you will always have everything you need to get along in life because your allure and refinement assure that.

You find it difficult to concentrate.

Your mind tends to drift off in daydreams and fantasies because you are so sensitive and emotionally open to your environment that you need to remove yourself at times.

All of a sudden, while working on a meaningful project, or in the middle of a serious discussion, your eyes will fade out of focus and you will be right in the middle of some captivating trance and out of contact.

You must have some technical training and you must find some discipline if your artistic potential is ever to be realized.

The male may be drawn to a job that offers permanence while the female Pisces-Pisces is frequently interested in the security and shelter of an early marriage.

They must both fight the urge to withdraw from society and this is important for both the male and female double Pisces.

You may find it hard to adjust to the business of the contemporary world because you are shy and vulnerable.

But you always have your intuition to guide you.

Creative and artistic talents are usually obvious even though strong ambition and drive are not visible in the double Pisces.

Your mind is highly visual and powerful.

Michelangelo, an artist known to the world, was a double Pisces.

You will probably travel the world because of your craving for adventure and novelty.

You are under the power of your luck because you are a bit fearless.

You believe completely in your good fortune and rightfully so, because it always comes through for you.

Your greatest resource is faith.

The farsighted Sagittarian Moon enhances the inspired intuitive and poetic imagination of Pisces.

You are always fresh and appealing and your optimism and enthusiasm are boundless.

Extremely bright, your mind likes the theoretical, the spiritual, and the philosophical.

You set high goals for yourself and you have versatile, creative and artistic talents.

Both in spirit and in thought, liberty is the thing you crave most, and this makes you a very inventive and tolerant individual.

Victor Hugo, Albert Einstein, and Maxim Gorky are some outstanding natives of your combination.

Your charm is very innocent and brings out the protective feelings of others.

You are an idealist and lover of life like most Pisces-Sagittarian.

You think this is the best of all possible worlds, even if others do not agree.

You are, for some reason, in a constant state of confusion.

Kierkegaard or Nietzsche are not a problem for you, but your checkbook is because you cannot balance it.

There is not a pragmatic bone in your body and you reside in a world of ideas and impressions, and the ordinary details of life just annoy you.

However you do have a keen intuition that manages to move you away from dangers.

You have a huge faculty for happiness and are always an optimist.

You see nothing but a sunny future for yourself.

However, it is possible for you can fool yourself into thinking that things are better than they really are.

Rather than handle them head on, Pisces-Sagittarians often tune out issues and difficulties and certainly this can cause more problems.

You are not the business type as might be expected.

Organization and structure are critical for your work and home life because you have a tendency to drift about.

If you hope to apply yourself your intellectual talent and imagination need a foundation and structure.

Without his, your dreams could remain only dreams.

Associate with individuals who are strong willed and have a positive effect on you because you are very suggestible and gullible.

There is little you are unable to achieve after you have gotten the proper training and focus.

There is nothing traditional about you and thus everything you do is, in a sense, original and aimed at change.

   You enjoy deep exploration into whatever you find.

Even the most ordinary matter can take on cosmic and meaningful implications for some Pisces-Scorpios.

You have a far-reaching and powerful imagination.

Your mind is always active, taking things in and forming impressions of everything no matter how still or modest you may seem.

You have to deal with many difficulties like all serious, emotional people.

Pisces can be lifted up and given focus by the emotional strength, passion, and regenerating qualities of a Scorpio Moon.

You are high powered, sober, and introspective.

You are a very philosophical individual who is never content with external impressions.

The dazzling heights of consciousness you reach based on that same emotional power can also pull you to the depths of misery and regret.

This combination can create very neurotic, criminally inclined individuals or it can result in spiritual and creative individuals.

Charismatic, strong-minded, and apparently your own boss, you are, however, heavily influenced by your environment.

You cling stubbornly to old ways of behaving, and your initial responses are too frequently just your only ones.

This combination has vast possibilities, however if you do not utilize your creative possibilities constructively, you might turn all that fervor and energy in on yourself.

Unleashing it on others is possible and this can open the way to cruel or malicious behavior.

Be careful of excesses of any sort, especially in romance, as in all things, because there is also the hidden possibility of addiction in your combination.

The character of the Pisces-Scorpio is often prejudice and stubbornness.

Furthermore you have an extremely sensual, indulgent nature, and enjoyment seeking can effortlessly become the oppo- nent of the Pisces-Scorpio.

To help you direct some of your abilities and to keep your emotions within bounds you need lots of organization, discipline, and educational training.

There is no end to what you can do if your powerful sensual drives can be channeled into creative or spiritual pursuits.

Direction is the key here.

You take the slightest criticism as an affront.

You are very touchy.

Try to be a little less single-minded and become more tolerant.

Do not focus so much on yourself, but turn your energies outward.

It is not unusual to find yourself by losing yourself first.

 You will not be used by others.

Hopefully your sensible Taurus Moon will help your Piscean dreams and lyrical visions.

You have a vibrant, visual resourcefulness, which can be put to use in very creative ways, and your combination has seen a lot of writers, artists, and musicians.

But you may also keep your banal aspect because of the same Taurus Moon, which gives you such an experienced perspective.

You have an inner tranquility and peace of mind that people find convincing and compelling.

While you seem to be the typical Pisces who is responsive, thoughtful and otherworldly, beneath that humble exterior is the firmness, willpower, and common sense of Taurus.

You are understanding and conscientious, always willing to lend a helping hand like other Pisces, but you also value yourself, and consequently you know when to say no.

You are very determined, and whatever you start to do in life is gone about with total devotion and promise.

The true abilities of a Pisces-Taurus are often not used in the career choice they make.

They need something challenging.

An easy life attracts you because you are leisure-oriented.

You will have good health and stability.

Consequently, regardless of how far your imagination takes you, you manage to get back unharmed every time.

Others sense your wisdom and frequently turn to you for advice, In addition you have a magnificent inner confidence, but, like all natives of Moon in Taurus, you have a propensity to hold on stubbornly to viewpoints and first impressions.

You may seem to be very far out, or actually be far out, but you are essentially a conservative.

You must attempt to curb some of your prejudices and dug in attitudes.

Lighten up on some of those emotional beliefs and be more tolerant.

And while you are at it, do not forget to express some real feelings.

What is needed is a more relaxed and open approach to your life.

Your emotions can get out of control at times because you are very sentimental.

This can cause you to lose your vision and your usually good judgment.

A lot of Pisces-Taurians are so sentimental that they live in the past.

There is a big attraction to relax, and enjoy the memory of a job well done after you feel that you have done something well.

While it is OK to be proud of past achievements, you must also learn to live more in the present.

 Early in life, you were most likely somewhat self-conscious and inhibited.

As you grew older, you slowly gained more confidence.

Your Virgo Moon provided you with an astute, sensible, and careful viewpoint.

All working to your advantage in life are intelligence, practicality, and almost psychic intuition.

In some way, you know with certainty who is trustworthy and who to avoid completely.

You have a deep sense of accountability and a strong work ethic because as a child you in all probability shouldered more than your portion of obligations.

You are a bit too painstaking for your own good.

You have an inner core of flexibility and determination which enables you to handle adversity in life with calm forbearance and are much more self-directed and tough than your fellow Pisceans.

By nature you are very shy and reserved.

For the devoted and moral Pisces-Virgo guilt is often the curse.

Your conscience is huge, and you believe that any misconduct, real or unreal, must be dealt with.

You have an innate sense of justice.

A little too easily you also tend to take on the burdens of those closest to you.

Your ethics are commendable, but taken to an extreme they can bring on neurosis and asceticism.

Do not sacrifice yourself for the sake of others.

You find comfort and satisfaction in your work as with all Moons in Virgo natives.

Stress and anxiety often plague the Pisces-Virgo.

Because you are so sensitive, you too easily soak up the tensions and bad feelings of the people near you, especially those in your work situation.

It is critical that you get plenty of relaxation because of your low tolerance for stress.

Time away for meditation and introspection is a wise move.

Your desire to help people can be applied creatively in a lot of fields and you have strong humanitarian instincts.

Doctors, clergy, and public servants are common in your combination.

You generally know which romantic partner is best for you because of your good intuition.

You are always devoted and genuine, and your sense of duty is part of a need to feel desired.

You work should not be everything.

You are at risk of becoming a workaholic because you are industrious by nature.

Outside interests and activities need to be developed.

You are enormously hard on yourself.

You fall into depression when you discover that you cannot hold up the perfectionist standards you set for yourself.

 You can expect the unexpected when a Sagittarius-Aquarian is present.

You are very unpredictable and set quite high goals for yourself.

You generally follow them through, with honesty and devotion.

You get unnerved when anyone tries to restrict your freedom but you are good-hearted, nice, and warm.

Freedom is your favorite expression and no one can order you around.

People seek you out because you are unlike people they know as well as captivating, charismatic, and friendly.

You can at least count on your identity even if you were to have nothing else on earth.

Activities that suggest change and innovation attract you as do being involved with others.

Your greatest gift is foresight.

You seem to know instantly what tomorrow has in store and you are always tuned to the future.

You often say and do things that are designed to shock people and you are restless and unconventional because you hate nothing more than arrogant satisfaction.

You get mixed up and impatient when others cannot keep up with you and you are generally a few steps in front of everyone else.

Though you are open minded and forgiving by nature, your impatience can give you an air of conceit.

It is difficult for you to be totally open in your partnerships with others because your essential emotional nature is a bit detached and remote.

You have some pretty crazy friends but friendship is very important to you.

Your compelling charm generally works to your advantage as does your positive approach to others, but there are occasions when a shrewder perspective is better.

Eagerness and amiability may take you a long way, but they will not bake any bread.

You must have choices in whatever you elect to do for a career.

Intellectual pursuits draw you and you have an intellect for the theoretical.

Fields, which may attract you, are politics, urban planning, and social ethics.

People look up to you and try to emulate your freedom.

You need to stop now in order to allow the rest of the world to catch up, but you do have certain leadership possibilities.

Surprisingly, you have somewhat authoritarian, sanctimonious attitudes even though you verbalize open minded and democratic visions.

After you have formed some of those revolutionary notions and beliefs they stick, so you also have a stubborn streak.

Always keep your mind open, but particularly later in life.

You have more wisdom and pragmatism than other Sagittarians because of your Aquarian inner nature, but you are still a bit naive.

 Even though you are smart and perceptive, your emotional growth lags behind your understanding.

It is almost impossible for you to sit still for very long because you are more like a round-eyed child than a dignified academic.

You always want to discover adventure and excitement.

There is a duality between the way you show yourself and the way you actually are.

The surface is knowledgeable and profound but the inside is reckless.

A Sagittarius-Aries is fearless about speaking their mind and has been so since a young age.

No other mixture personifies such blunt outspokenness.

You have no inhibitions but have the courage to say precisely what you feel.

You are active, capricious, and very independent.

Everything is as you see it.

It does not matter what others think, you are forthright and fearless.

You have a philosophical and serious part to your nature too, and there are not many subjects you cannot talk about intelligently.

You really like to shock people with your unusual behavior.

You do not need to wear a costume at a Halloween party.

Wit rates among your greatest pluses.

You always manage to annoy some people by pointing out everything they are attempting to ignore.

You are satirical and playful.

Luckily, people who deserve your attacks are the ones who get them.

Using simple nonchalance and purity, you attempt to bring out the hypocrisy you see everywhere.

There is a bit of arrogance in your manner even though people may love you.

Your penchant is for drama.

You really enjoy showing off your humor and courage and you flourish on competition.

From time to time, try a little thoughtful contemplation before you speak and be more respectful of the emotions and beliefs of others.

It is highly probable you will have several occupations in your life because this combination connotes diversity.

You are both a calculating philosopher and a perennial optimist.

In spite of your lack of inhibitions and proper behavior, you always have friends.

Others admire your bravery and fresh, alluring charm.

You are demonstrative and bighearted.

You hunger for an audience and an audience is what you generally find.

The comedian, critic, dramatist, and satirist are good for your combination.

Mark Twain and James Thurber are both fine examples of Sagittarius- Aries.

You need be careful of that rather big ego of yours, but you are essentially good-hearted and kind.

 You are a quick learner because your emotional character is receptive and you are very flexible.

Anything that involves the exotic and undiscovered as well as language and society probably intrigues you.

You are a very emotional person even though you may have the aura of a scholar.

You are controlled, tranquil, and good-hearted and have great depth and perception.

The daring, hopeful, and freedom-loving Sagittarius Sun in your combination is connected with the careful, astute, and inventive Cancer Moon.

Caution always holds influence over whim in you and unlike your other Sagittarians you favor looking before you leap.

Your manner is self-assured and you always appear so capable and well versed that many think you are profound.

You make friends and judge others according to the way you feel about them because you are extremely intuitive.

You are usually correct when you sense a person is not trustworthy or dishonest.

However, there are moments, when your feelings and your avant-garde imagination carry you away.

Sometimes it is hard for you to distinguish fantasy from reality because you are a dreamer.

You could have a smug or self-satisfied viewpoint as time goes by, as with all those who have their Moon in Cancer.

You may not carry out those lofty ideals or employ your many endowments because you are too easily contented.

You should be able to get past this complacency if your home life is a content one because from a sound base, you can achieve many fantastic things.

Joseph Conrad, the writer, is an example of the very insightful and artistic Sagittarius-Cancer.

Your appeal and ability will gain you a lot of esteem and admiration.

People feel your earnestness and are grateful for your kindness but you should be careful about too much self-contemplation.

You can become very dazed by the things you come across about your own character and you are very sensitive.

You have substantial religious longings and are a spiritual individual.

Great adventures can come from the vibrant Cancer imagination, but it can also cause phobias and illusions.

Keeping it limited is something you need to learn.

If you let your emotions carry you away your judgment and insight can be affected.

You can adapt to nearly any condition or surroundings with your great confidence.

Because you recognize that true security is found only inside ourselves, you can make your home almost anywhere.

 You cover sadness under a painted smile like the laughing clown.

As you grew older, you probably became powerfully goal-oriented even though in youth, you may have been impulsive and given to adventure.

You are insecure and in all likelihood feel a lot of doubt and even fear.

One way you try to exceed and eliminate those feelings is proving yourself.

You may seem untroubled, affirmative, and playful on the outside, but below that devil-may-care persona is a very compulsive, somewhat profound, and ambitious person.

You are a very sober and earthy Sagittarian.

Although calculating and practical, you tend to think in big, theoretical terms.

You have a pessimistic temperament that often shows through no matter how idealistic and affirmative you may seem.

In reality you are very aloof and detached but to others you seem happy and outgoing.

To the career oriented Sagittarius-Capricorn isolation frequently is a threat.

Ambition can become all-consuming and can even remove you from those near you because you see the world as a place of difficulty and hardship.

Do not let ambition become your life even though you have the vision, astuteness, and persistence to accomplish a lot.

Try relaxing more and accepting your real nature and do not place incredible demands on yourself.

You do not have any difficulty gathering your thoughts because you invariably know your own mind and you are organized and extremely efficient.

You can do a great deal for people by using your mental ability to reveal evil and hypocrisy; your perception of things around you is amazing.

Very self-examining, you spend perhaps too much time thinking about yourself.

Engrossment with your own issue leads to extreme egoism, but remember your combination shows a lot of wisdom and depth.

If you desire to be loved and accepted, you must try to give to people so remember, you only receive what you give.

You have plenty of wit and your keen comments always hit home, even though they generally emphasize the darker side of things.

You may elect to play the part of clown or jester socially to defend your sensitivity and prevent getting hurt.

However, you are very serious.

Woody Allen, writer-humorist and satirist-philosopher Voltaire, are both Sagittarius-Capricorns.

With your reason and exact mind, you win most debates.

 You are anxious and edgy.

You do essentially what you want to in life because independence is the one thing you long for most of all and you are always the maverick.

You are extremely autonomous and you become frightened if anyone tries to regulate you.

You have a perky, playful spirit people find irresistible and you are an eternal optimist.

You never lose that aura of disengagement no matter how outgoing and friendly you appear.

Even though you can get somewhat emotional on the outside, inside you are always very cool.

Concentration is difficult for you.

Ingenuity and fortune follow you wherever you go, screening you from dangers that anyone else would no doubt suffer.

For some reason you always seem to get by no matter how uneasy, whimsical, adventurous, and excessive you may be.

You are very much an explorer.

You feel a ceaseless impulse to be on the move, and you are likely to search many lands and look into many ideas.

A great scholar and trailblazer is the nature of your combination, if you could only acquire the patience called for to master something.

You just cannot be calm.

Some people may charge you with lying and some may think you are not consistent.

Because you repeatedly change your mind, you often befuddle others by saying one thing and doing something else.

You are not actually mean or dishonest, you are honorable to the core; it is just that, if you were more careful before speaking, you might not have this problem.

Whatever it is you are going to say, be certain you believe it.

With romance, as with everything, you are as inconsistent.

A person who is able to put up with those mood shifts, or who can walk as quickly and travel as frequently, can be difficult to find.

You have spent, from your early years, too much of your time in planning for your next big move.

You may feel, as time passes, some tension and maybe even guilt as your failure to employ your gifts leaves you without any purpose or achievement.

Eventually, you may discover that, you have little to show, even though your life has been eventful.

Cultivate the discipline it takes to satisfy yourself.

Do not be satisfied depending only on cleverness and luck.

You love to interlace stories and tales and have a dramatic imagination.

Professions include author, artist, or movie maker.

Exaggeration is something you are prone to.

The line between fantasy and reality gets fuzzy and it is sometimes hard for you to keep your great imagination within limits.

 You are very energetic and have courage and an innocent interest in people and places.

This can take you far and wide in search of reality and self-realization.

But there is a good possibility you have it a little too good.

With your balanced combination, you are so free of inner battles that you may be tempted to just get by and depend only on your fortune, humor, and communication skills.

A Leo Moon steadies Sagittarian whimsy and inconsistency.

The quest for position and leadership is primarily where your interest is aimed and you have very high and far-reaching goals.

You knew at a young age that your mind's eye, creative drives, and broad capability set you apart from others.

You most likely believe you are meant to be a leader.

Other people instantly respond to your upbeat and affirmative manner.

They also value your sincerity and inborn dignity.

You just do not have the issues and inhibitions that hold back so many other people.

You are open and outgoing.

You direct your aggression into good, productive activities.

The Sagittarius- Leo combination can be a happy-go-lucky, pleasure seeker or a solemn, goal-oriented philosophical person.

Your forte is not introspection because you are so wrapped up in life that you allow yourself little room for contemplation.

If you could just be a bit more meditative, you will discover the way to expand your many gifts.

Gustave Flaubert and Benjamin Disraeli are famous members of your combination.

Two roadblocks on your way to success are arrogance and bad judgment.

Either or both of these could stop your progress.

You long for an audience and are demonstrative and playful.

At time it is hard to know whether your behavior is real or just designed to produce an effect because you have such a flair for the dramatic.

That entire craving for attention is your way of boosting your sense of self and vanity is emphasized in your signs.

It is important for you to note that flattery can easily lead you astray.

You need to be reminded of just how great you are.

You are naive in romance as in other parts of life even though you are enthusiastic, fervent, and tender.

You prefer to go by your own intuition because you do not like to take the suggestions of others.

In addition, you do not like to admit your mistakes.

You are inclined to take things at nominal value, rather than stopping to look carefully and this often impairs your judgment.

You are aware that the way things seem can be very deceptive.

You need to examine your experience and you will become less trusting and a bit more alert to the ways of the world.

 You have an endless belief in yourself and your future and you have a strong independent aspect.

You have far-reaching aspirations like all confident people.

Your aptitude to learn quickly and attractive charm and good spirits work to your benefit.

Since you followed your own unique path to success there is no doubt you will attain recognition.

Open-minded, rational Sagittarius, in your combination, is coupled with socially oriented, tender, and inventive Libra.

A cheerful, hopeful, delightful, and naive idealist is whom most people know.

However there is also a very solemn part to your nature too.

It is that of the philosopher who has great subtlety and perceptivity.

You have a very vivid imagination and sometimes it is too vivid because far-fetched fantasies can carry you away.

No matter how far you drift, luck is always by your side and everything seems to be just right.

In all likelihood you have a great desire for knowledge, especially theoretical knowledge.

You get mixed up by details and prefer to deal with larger concepts.

You are much more interested in the meaning of life than by how to balance your budget.

Your personality is lively and dynamic.

There is always something that is innocent in you no matter how deep and serious you may be.

People find it difficult to resist your humor and fresh appeal because you are fun loving and bold.

You are apt to gain a lot respect and power and enjoy a busy social life.

You are truthful, devoted, and undemanding professionally.

You never compromise your values but know how to work through life's demands.

The opposite sex is attracted to you.

You spend a lot of time looking for the right partner because you are romantic and idealistic.

Your desire for variety, combined with restlessness, in your love life often ruins your quest because of restlessness.

You have a lazy streak, like all those with the Moon in Libra, and your dreams may simply stay dreams unless you gain the strength of mind to follow them through.

Recognition may blind your basically sound judgment because you are a bit enthralled by charm, and sweet talk.

Your specialty is social insight.

You have an instinctive understanding of others and you are a natural diplomat.

Any field having to do with human relations or social activism is perfect for the Sagittarius- Libra, including teaching, counseling, law, politics, and sociology.

 You are characterized by flights of fancy.

Frequently you may take the easy way out rather than making your numerous gifts work for you.

You just adjust and accommodate.

You tend to take on the characteristics of those nearest to you and you are emotionally weak with associates, family, and friends.

You may let yourself down because of fear or lethargy, even though you have high principles.

Sometimes you seem to live on a distant fantasy island and there is a dreamlike aspect to the Sagittarius-Pisces.

Somehow when it comes to knowing who deserves your trust and who does not, you are led almost solely by your intuition.

You can mix up dreams with the real world because you also have an extraordinary imagination.

It sometimes carries you away.

You are universal in nature, and this allows you to survive in almost any surroundings.

You are highly impressionable and adaptable.

The one main disadvantage to your vivid imagination and high amount of sensitivity is that it can be hard for you to deal with reality.

You may be content to copy, or live using others because you set them up as ideals.

This is a shame, because the Sagittarius-Pisces who is more daring will discover that only the smallest amount of effort can lead to better things.

You feel the present and future must be happy and you are an optimist.

You have two ways of dealing with negativity in your life.

You may simply lie to yourself, accepting a fake kind of happiness or tune out troubles rather than handling them directly.

You are extremely romantic and giving in love, and life devoid of love is unimaginable for you.

It is essential that you have a good appreciation of yourself before beginning long-term relationships because you take the chance of having unhealthy associations, especially in romance.

You almost certainly have a great love of learning and travel as well as to explore other places.

Your combination would be good as anthropologists or historians.

Ultimately those with Moon in Pisces can be artists or poets if they learn to use their magnificent creative abilities.

Hopefully, you will get the type of guidance that will set you on the correct path and your talents will be recognized at a young age.

You can have enormous happiness and have the capability to take pleasure in life to its fullest.

 You have the ability to go to great creative and spiritual heights; you nonetheless have real difficulty when it comes to being on earth.

The luck of Jupiter, fortunately, always helps you out at the last minute no matter how out of touch you are.

You are capable of stimulating and absorbing an audience with your burning enthusiasm and extent of understanding and you are a natural teacher.

However, you are never really certain exactly where you are on important subjects.

For this combination, every side of existence takes on large, abstract dimensions because you are the recurrent philosopher.

Nothing in life is simple for the double Sagittarius.

You are lifted into the kingdom of the philosopher-king by lucidity of thought and lofty insights, far above those below.

Paying the rent or balancing your budget and other details bog you down.

Yours is just not the most sensible of combinations because you are extremely absentminded.

The inflow of concepts and visions you have can be overpowering and you are never exactly sure which set of rules you must follow, but you are extremely open-minded.

You are inclined to change your mind often although serious and attracted to the abstract.

You consider both sides carefully prior to arriving at a decision.

You are so careful that it sometimes takes forever for you to take a position.

Your worst problem is confusion because the skill to understand mathematics and metaphysics does not help you to know yourself.

Once you have mastered a little tolerance and learned to control that restiveness, you may be able to see some of those goals completed.

Then you will be all set.

You can achieve great success with your wonderful imagination, if you are given the right situation.

The Divine is somehow connected to you as well.

You also tend to ignore the long-term consequences of your behavior to live almost wholly for the moment.

Repeated silliness is common to the double Sagittarians and caprice rules your decisions.

Others may crave gold or fame but your biggest desire is for total personal freedom.

The world is your space for your feelings and thoughts and you need to move about freely and do precisely as you want.

Travel, either in your mind or literally, is critical to your health.

It is very unusual for a double Sagittarius to not travel far and wide.

It is hard for you to settle down and see some of those grand goals and not have your freedom.

You should try to restrain some of those crazier ideas even though your expansive and freedom-loving soul should never be locked up.

 You populate your life with variety and thrills and remain free-spirited and adventurous.

In the hope of finding salvation for yourself or for others, you have plenty of rebelliousness in you and many Sagittarius- Scorpios have joined causes and missions.

While you are gracious and idealistic, conceit often mars your good intentions.

You have some powerful creative and management urges, but you are also very self- determining and prefer to clear your own special path in life.

Your combination consists of the idealism, elevated vision, and transcendentalism of Sagittarius, which is fortified by an acute, driven, and ambitious Scorpio Moon.

You may be busy building up your own unique perspective on life or book of law which enables you to close your mind to the concepts and beliefs of others.

You are a very expressive individual with many prejudices and immovable beliefs and may appear somewhat distant and removed.

At times, the utter concentration of your emotions deforms your perspective and good judgment.

Those who see you as egotistical are probably correct.

You actually do separate yourself from others.

Billy the Kid, the American outlaw, is an excellent example of the maverick and rebellious Sagittarius-Scorpio.

Renewing yourself is one of your wonderful abilities.

You love to dig deeply into unusual subjects and the exotic and the uncharted fascinate you.

You are tempted by the delight of distant places and you love to travel.

You seek to experience as much as possible in life and you are sensual and pleasure loving.

No one can fetter your independent soul and you have a strong sense of free will.

You always get up from falls, no matter how many times you are setback or personal misfortunes you encounter.

Your mind is inquisitive and perceptive.

You could be a member of the clergy, doctor, scientist, psychologist, or scholar with your wonderful intellectual and spiritual gifts.

The necessities for your success in the world are controlling that desire to travel and learning to collaborate with others.

Keeping your feelings balanced and guarding against extremes of thought and activity are important for you too.

Sensationalizing and exaggerating are things you have a tendency to do.

Attempt to detach yourself a bit from your behavior and acquire a more objective viewpoint.

 You are quite able to realize some of your inspired conceptions and are attracted to the aesthetic and artistic.

However, too frequently those dreams stay dreams, because, as is the case with all Moons in Taurus people, you need security before you start any campaigns.

This means a significant bank balance and a comfortable house.

Even if it may prove more profitable in the long run, the pragmatic side of your character holds you back from following a dubious or unconventional career.

Security is crucial to everybody, but do not let it be your exclusive pursuit in life.

You may always feel an internal discontent if you do not on occasion act on your whims no matter how materially prosperous you become.

You are a person of excellent perceptivity and you think in wide conceptual terms.

Your combination includes the mature wisdom and utility of Taurus with the transcendental and visionary aspect of Sagittarius.

Your compassion for people is boundless which may be another grounds for having difficulty following through on your aspirations.

Your judgment is often blocked by sentimentality and sympathy.

In the end, you are actually a nice person and very softhearted.

Saying no is hard for you and there is nothing you detest more than the thought of rejecting someone.

You have a style for business in addition to solely creative or aesthetic pursuits.

You know just when to undertake a venture or take a financial chance because you are a good gambler.

Charisma and charm work to your advantage and people feel your inherent dignity.

Individuals with this mixture can excel as entrepreneurs and business people.

You are always affirmative and positive in your dealings and setbacks very rarely rattle you even though you are a very serious person.

You might feel some guilt feelings deep inside about stepping to the fore and expressing your points of view.

Most of your worries are in your mind because you do have quite a vivid imagination.

You are by nature such an affectionate and sharing person, you will forever be loved and esteemed no matter what road you choose to take in life.

Your nature is very sensual and down-to-earth.

You enjoy pursuing pleasure, but comfort is not everything and you can very easily backslide into self-satisfaction, or adopt a smug mindset.

Cultivating a broad range of interests and being active socially is a must for Sagittarius-Taurians.

 You are extremely perceptive.

One of your greatest gifts is intuition.

You are aware of when it is prudent to take a risk or grab an advantage, as well as when it is smart to remain cool.

Your success is assured because of your wisdom, vigilance, and good judgment.

Another gift is persuasiveness and you are charming and soft-spoken.

You know precisely how to get to the spirit.

You are an outstanding salesman and a convincing leader because of your way with words.

An example of a very developed Sagittarius-Virgo is Winston Churchill.

You are a lot more reserved and earthy than your fellow Sagittarians.

You favor looking before you leap.

There is nothing casual or lighthearted about you.

Your Virgo inner self provides you with a fixed sense of obligation.

Very early in life you most likely had to take on a lot of responsibility, which brought out your clever, pragmatic outlook.

You have a very understated, almost wily way about you.

You can always spot dishonesty, and your aptitude to sense other people's weaknesses is awesome.

You have a restive, autonomous, and unruly spirit even though you prefer to work and live in a conventional lifestyle.

Your emotional character is a bit reserved and uncertain even though you are just as fervent and daring as your fellow Sagittarians.

You may build up vague feelings of inadequacy or despair whenever you feel you cannot handle the burden of your consummate and aggressive personality.

Do put yourself down.

You have many magnificent qualities, which more than compensate for any boldness or courage you may think you lack.

You have astonishing powers of scrutiny and an excellent intelligence.

Sagittarius provides you the skill to handle the abstract and philosophical, while Virgo gives you the ability to set those ideas on a more a realistic plateau.

A good example of the versatile and intellectual Sagittarius-Virgo is Spinoza, the philosopher.

You set exceptionally high, nearly perfectionist goals for yourself and you are never happy with being second best.

When you find you cannot meet the demands you set for yourself, bad temper and nervous tension often come about.

Your frustrations might be released on the people closest to you.

This includes your sarcasm, which can border on malice at times.

More time for enjoying life needs to be set aside.

Do not let your loyalty to work become a compulsion even though your sense of duty is commendable.

 You know how to adjust to almost any situation and you are smooth and urbane.

Your Aquarius Moon gives you an unusual and unexplored perspective and a strong fascination for science and society.

You have an obliging presence and a very strong will like the typical Scorpio.

Your imagination and insights are strange and a bit way-out for most individuals because you are generally about ten or twelve years in advance of your time.

You have a non-rational comprehension and cognizance of people, which assists you in your materialistic philosophy.

You know how to coax, bond, and pull strings because you are basically astute, charming, and congenial.

People are drawn to your casual, somewhat far-out, and impertinent manner.

You love your discoveries and are so proud that you want to announce them to the world.

You have a strong need for the companionship of others and are much more extroverted and friendly than most Scorpios.

You think an active and wide-ranging social life is necessary to your health and because it is an outlet for your sometimes crazy opinions.

Nevertheless you have a strong autonomous part, and no matter how many friends and people pass through your life, the air of the loner is around you.

You are so set in your ways that you have little forbearance for those who do not agree with you.

It probably took years of willfulness to make you this way.

Instead of people who might offer you challenges or variety you may surround yourself with boosters and passive disciples.

Learn to accept and abide other points of view and keep your mind open to intellectual stimulation.

You are essentially very down-to-earth despite that other worldliness.

Your social adroitness works to your advantage, particularly in business.

Very few people are more clever or quicker on their feet than a Scorpio-Aquarius.

You have a hard time making strong emotional attachments with people and are somewhat detached.

This detachment is often your Waterloo.

You are dedicated to having your own way and are proud and stubborn.

If anyone questions your ideas or opinions, you will take it personally.

You must learn how to be more cooperative and more modest.

You can be everything from a mystic to innovative scientist, or humanitarian, but first you must know that you can only produce at your best when you work in harmony with those near you.

Intolerance and self-righteousness are especially a characteristic of Scorpio-Aquarius.

 You never lose faith in yourself and you are sensual and almost decadent.

It does not matter how many times you are set back.

People respect you regardless of this, just because you have self-respect.

Your purposefulness, strength, and confidence are admired.

Furthermore, your combination provides you with incredible powers of insight and intelligence.

Of course, how you decide to use these abilities is up to you.

You always have an objective or goal in view and are sober and focused.

The planet of war, Mars, is the ruler of both signs of your combination, and that gives you a very autonomous and aggressive viewpoint.

The word that best fits you is egocentric, because no matter how kind and sympathetic you may seem on the outside, you always look out for yourself first and foremost.

Regardless of the number of friends you may have, you stay basically a loner, following your own carefully chosen path.

There is no need to justify your existence.

Your incredible resourceful, spiritual, and leadership ability can only be used when you recognize that others also deserve to have opinions.

You should learn to detach yourself a bit more from your activities because material success is so important to you.

Rather than losing your temper or anxiously sulking, try to just relax and see the problem from afar the next time you face defeat or aggravation.

Even when it comes to yourself, attempt to have a more open-minded, tolerant attitude.

Your combination is perfect for commerce, administration, and leadership positions in general when it comes to a profession.

There are basically two types of Scorpio-Aries; one is kindhearted, spiritual, and compassionate and the other, the more usual kind, is self-embellishing, caring only about enriching their own life with material acquisition and the realization of power.

Either type possesses the tenacity, willpower, and courage to be successful.

Provided that the person is not victimized by their own tragic flaws, extreme pride, bigotry, impatience, and conceit are the character that warp your perceptions and cause you to undergo defeat and frustration.

Compromise with you is extremely difficult.

Obstinately you believe you are your own boss, and when you run into disapproval or disagreement in your work or love life, you are very offended.

You need to learn to be flexible sometimes and to work in conjunction with those around you.

 You always know exactly what you are doing and incisively who you are.

You innately prize your own worth and self-assurance has never been an issue in your life.

There is an air of mystery around you, and it can be hard for friends to understand you.

They are perfectly happy to follow you anywhere, however.

They want to grab some of whatever it is you have almost as though they feel your inner strength.

You are maybe the most charismatic and compelling of all the Sun-Moon combinations and are surefooted, dependable, and flexible.

You are esteemed wherever you go.

You always seem to be successful, because luck closely follows the Scorpio-Cancer, whether at play or at work.

Moreover, appeal, strength, and smarts work to your advantage.

You are temperate, calm and you do not lose your balance.

You can play just about any role conceivable and you are a wonderful actor.

This makes you comfortable in almost any conditions.

You are seldom interested in taking over despite all those inborn leadership abilities.

You are somewhat of a loner because of your self-reliance and independence.

You require only yourself for comfort and will do your best to maintain a discerning distance from other people no matter how many want your friendship.

You have two water signs, so you might feel strong selfless urges, and your mixture is often seen in charts of clergymen, doctors and scientists.

Your curative powers are likely very apparent, and you should use them in some fashion.

You possess a restoring quality, which helps you to bounce back from setbacks with relative ease and you do not have too many psychological problems.

Your only trouble is your inclination to muffle beliefs instead of addressing them candidly and openly.

Revealing yourself for examination is just not easy for you.

Sadness, heartsickness, and ill humor can result from inhibited feelings in the Scorpio-Cancer.

Discuss things more openly and try to put your guard down from time to time.

You like to dig beneath appearances to learn the real meaning and significance of things and are never happy with superficial impressions.

You succeed at just about everything you decide to try because of your depth, imagination, and clever realism.

Once interested in some undertaking, your absorption and commitment are unmatchable.

 You instinctively look out for yourself no matter how kind you appear to be towards other people.

For the headstrong and determined Scorpio-Capricorn ambition can be everything.

You are never satisfied unless you are your own boss and you possess strong leadership drives.

Charismatic, obstinate, and autonomous, your astuteness and purpose help you follow through on your ambitions.

Calculating, shrewd, vivid and somewhat manipulative, you take yourself and your activities very seriously.

You have a bit of the devil in your nature.

You essentially have only one goal in life and that is to win esteem, deference, and prestige, no matter how captivating and warmhearted you seem on the surface.

You have your own attraction; if you would only recognize it, so do not always enter a room and feel immediately endangered by the presence of some other striking person.

How you use your gifts is strictly up to you, but you have a lot of power and leadership potential.

Indira Gandhi is an example of a powerful Scorpio-Capricorn.

You need to be careful about becoming too serious a judge of others.

You have very high criteria and may acquire a somewhat holier-than-thou and intolerant position towards those who do not live up to your views.

Others should be given as much esteem as you expect to be shown.

You have a very strong sex drive as do nearly all Scorpios.

You know how to use others to get your way because you are severe, worldly, and very subtle.

You dislike any show of helplessness in others and are not one for self-pity; perhaps because you worry about your own weaknesses so much.

You probably have a great deal of anxiety and confusion deep inside even though you seem confident on the surface.

You urgently want to succeed and this may be one reason.

Maybe success is just your manner of assuring yourself that you are all those things individuals say you are.

You do not believe a word of the kudos bestowed on you deep down.

Your goal in life is an endless search for status whatever the reason.

You will lead a really cold existence if you do not expand your spiritual, cerebral, and emotional views.

Self-acceptance is something you need to learn.

Rather than begrudging those who seem to have more, love and treasure yourself for whom you are.

No matter how hard or gifted someone may be, everyone has limitations.

 You are not nearly as deep as some others might believe even though you appear businesslike, but inscrutable.

Cagey would be a safer word.

You present a worldly image because you are so cunning, discerning, and adroit.

Humor is one of your best assets.

Your strong feel for satire and your discriminating remarks almost always find an objective.

Others may charge you with being untactful, but they usually return to be your audience again.

You have an uneasy spirit from your Gemini Moon.

You are a lot more communicative than other Scorpios and you can talk to almost anyone.

This can make you a great salesperson.

There is charm and exuberance to your and personal magnetism.

Others find it difficult to reject your subtle and sophisticated manner.

Your self-governing and defiant nature will probably carry you off in search of novelty and adventure.

You may use your myriad charms just in pursuit of pleasure and you are a well-known sexaholic and sensualist.

Your main problem, strangely enough, is your own cleverness because you may be enticed to live off your quick responses, instead of developing something deeper.

A sort of self-satisfied sloth may come about so push yourself to the best of your abilities, and do not be so casual about your possibilities.

You would be a great reporter or successful in other fact-finding work.

Teaching, business or any other area that involves oral adroitness are places you can excel.

You are inconsistent in love as in many things.

Variety is what you need from life.

You are, however, just as serious and intent as other Scorpios.

Actually you are very detached even if you seem quite emotional.

Your flare-ups of passion and poignancy are mostly just for appearance.

Frequently, you are not totally sure yourself whether your feelings are real or somehow calculated.

Acting is one of your best-loved games, but be sure you do not forget yourself in taking on all those roles.

A number of emotional issues can result from going against your real nature.

You are somewhat cerebral and you have a love of knowledge, but you never dig too far into things.

There is nothing of the scholar in you because you seem to know something about nearly everything.

Focus on one goal or target and learn to narrow down the range of your interests and activities.

Chasing pleasure can become very strong for many Scorpio-Gemini.

  You are not part of the crowd.

Instead you are rugged individualist and have great self-assurance and energy.

Consequently you do not rely on others for encouragement.

Your presence alone draws others and they believe you are a leader.

Your imagination is always at work and your approach is wide ranging, but there are occasions when your emotions can just sweep you away and cause you to lose perspective and accept all kinds of illusions.

This combination can result in a person of superior depth, exalted vision, and great leadership or it can become a constant pleasure-seeker and indulgent sensualist.

Your heart is a romantic one and others can lift you up to great heights of spiritual and cerebral wisdom or you can be taken away by the absolute power of your emotions.

You pay little attention to advice from others because you are so lost in the quest of your own special road to success.

You are not one to compromise or be patient.

You do not have time for those who are in your way because you are determined to follow your dreams.

You can fall into states of sluggishness and extreme self-indulgence if you run into disappointment in life or your goals do not appear to be happening.

It is critical for you to learn to remain affirmative and think positively.

Your reputation is one of “love them and Ieave them”.

Lustfulness is something you will not ever overcome and your Leo Moon gives you a strong desire for variety.

You are frequently the first to be disloyal even though allegiance and substance are your ideals.

You boast and brag about your latest doings at times, and you have a lot of pride in your activities.

You believe that the entire world should be aware of them.

Sometimes your bragging can get boring to those around you.

Learning to listen as well as talk is very important for you and acceptance of others is a virtue you must work at.

Scorpio-Leo can be extreme at times.

Your actions and demeanor are usually designed to attract attention and you have a strong sense of the dramatic.

You seldom do things part way.

Try to tone things down occasionally, and give others an opportunity to share the limelight.

You have all of the qualifications needed to realize your goals on a big scale with your leadership ability, brains, and astuteness.

Stop focusing all your thoughts on yourself.

Many Scorpio-Leos may settle for simply wanting earthly pleasures because they are frustrated and bored with the world.

 Deep inside you likely feel a lot of doubt no matter how convincing and self-assured you may seem to people.

It is next to impossible for you to set goals and define your purpose in life.

You have too much trust in those around you and this can be a weakness if you always want to hear everyone's views.

The people close to you like all natives of Moon in Libra, regardless of whether they are friends or family, powerfully influence you.

The way others see you is how you tend to evaluate yourself, instead of by the way you really are.

Acting according to your own true wants is important for you to learn.

Do not worry too much about what other people might think of your behavior.

Others are drawn to your leisurely and elegant personality and attracted to your charming nature.

Your combination balances a peaceable and graceful Libra with a hard driving and forceful Scorpio.

You know naturally when to use tact and diplomacy and when it is smart to be assertive.

Your power to manage others works to your reward in life, even though you are not as assertive as your other Scorpios.

Maintain your freedom and concentrate on doing what you believe is best for you.

You are a dreamer and a romantic.

You like to delve deeply into things and you are never happy with surface impressions.

You have a strong belief in people and the knowledge that they have.

You are too frequently only concerned with instant gratification even though you have the intelligence, charm, and magnetism to achieve a great deal in life.

Guard against taking less than you are able of accomplishing or becoming complacent.

Your abilities are well suited to politics, law, and social work.

The creativity of the Scorpio enhances Libra Moon and gives you good taste and strong creative interests.

You can be disconcerted if a color scheme does not match because you are very sensitive to visual stimulation.

For some Scorpio-Librans, zealotry is the result of the quest for truth.

Your imagination is very strong and you need to guard against being fooled by charlatans who offer the secrets to the universe.

You will hurry whenever you sense injustice or unethical conduct is compromised, because you believe in fair play.

You need to be careful about your tendency to preach and moralize because of your code of ethics.

Delight and leisure loving are found in the signs of your combination.

Basically you are a libertine no matter how high-minded and idealistic you try to be.

The barriers to your fulfillment are laziness and self-indulgence.

 Many Scorpio-Pisceans have strong idealistic and altruistic urges.

At one time or another, you might have felt the call of a religious life.

You have a charismatic presence and a lot of willpower, but there are periods when you simply want to get out of the world.

You may experience depression and mood swings.

Tension in your immediate surrounding is generally the cause of this.

Maybe because you fear your own power, forceful people appall you.

Your signs are both water signs and this gives you an uncanny power to adapt promptly to almost any circumstance.

You are able to take on the feel of your surroundings.

You comprehend things others are unable to.

You are tuned-in, aware, and have an ability to sense things.

You know innately the difference between right or wrong and no one ever has to tell you.

You are very scrupulous.

It does not matter how successful you are in life, kindness guides your actions.

You are always heedful not to impinge on anyone else's territory.

You are very aware of the evil and maliciousness that exists in the world.

You are an excellent actor and playing roles is common for the Scorpio-Piscean.

However, it is crucial that you be yourself at times.

The roles you play do help with advancement but on the other hand, you could lose your being altogether in the march to try to be everything to everyone.

You have a lot to ascertain about yourself like all deep individuals do, and many of the answers you look for can be found within.

Just be certain you do not overdo the soul-searching.

You may become too withdrawn for your own best concerns if you do not stay socially active.

Your special ability to assimilate knowledge lets you quickly learn just about anything you want to.

You would be excellent in creative and artistic pursuits.

Impractical phobias or superstitions should be guarded against because of your limitless imagination.

Use it in your profession instead.

Scorpio-Pisceans are very lucky people.

You will not run into many issues or turmoil in life because this combination is quite balanced.

However, there is a risk of permitting yourself to accept less, rather than taking on the challenges and opportunities that are frequently there for you.

Make yourself be more assertive because you have a lot to give to the world.

Self-contemplation is very significant for you.

 Many Scorpio-Sagittarians experience a consuming humanitarian and spiritual impulse, and probably know they have a purpose in life.

People respect your aim and determination.

Most are absorbed into your magnetic and spiritual presence.

Kindness rules in your relationships and you are always open and affectionate.

However, you do have an air of distance which some construe as haughtiness.

This is a result of being such a free spirit and being determined to do your own thing for truth, nirvana, and wisdom.

Kindness, profundity, unity, idealism and all of the better qualities of Scorpio are disclosed when blended with a Sagittarius Moon.

You are a beacon of light to others with your grand vision and elevated goals.

Your will power, perseverance, and remarkable perceptiveness help you bring some of those ends into the world.

Maybe you are right that you have all the answers, even though you are impertinent and unorthodox.

You need a great deal of freedom and you are a rebel in everything.

Any control or imposition on your autonomy is experienced as a menace.

You need to do as you please and have room to express yourself because you have an adventurous and heroic spirit.

You would never contravene on the rights of people because honesty and loyalty are your creeds.

Your one large defect is that at times you may be a little too candid because tact is very rare in Scorpio-Sagittarius people.

Your frankness can be vicious.

You are an idealist in romance and everything else.

After you have conferred your tenderness, you are fun loving and unreserved.

You are a loyal, trustworthy and true person.

You are concerned with discovering spiritual truth.

Self-contemplation is one way of detecting it, because many of the solutions lie inside.

Your mental imagery is so potent that sometimes it can take you away and be a root of phobias or delusions.

You frequently look at things from a transcendental perspective, which sometimes warps your otherwise good judgment.

You are practical though, like your fellow Scorpios.

You are essentially a romantic at heart, believing in things that others find hard to penetrate, maybe because you are so far in front of everyone else.

But you do sometimes seem astute and sophisticated.

Your strength is the courage to explore uncharted new worlds of thinking and feeling.

You show the way that others will follow tomorrow like all forerunners.

 You are not part of the crowd.

Instead you are rugged individualist and have great self-assurance and energy.

Consequently you do not rely on others for encouragement.

Your presence alone draws others and they believe you are a leader.

Your imagination is always at work and your approach is wide ranging, but there are occasions when your emotions can just sweep you away and cause you to lose perspective and accept all kinds of illusions.

This combination can result in a person of superior depth, exalted vision, and great leadership or it can become a constant pleasure-seeker and indulgent sensualist.

Your heart is a romantic one and others can lift you up to great heights of spiritual and cerebral wisdom or you can be taken away by the absolute power of your emotions.

You pay little attention to advice from others because you are so lost in the quest of your own special road to success.

You are not one to compromise or be patient.

You do not have time for those who are in your way because you are determined to follow your dreams.

You can fall into states of sluggishness and extreme self-indulgence if you run into disappointment in life or your goals do not appear to be happening.

It is critical for you to learn to remain affirmative and think positively.

Your reputation is one of “love them and Ieave them”.

Lustfulness is something you will not ever overcome and your Leo Moon gives you a strong desire for variety.

You are frequently the first to be disloyal even though allegiance and substance are your ideals.

You boast and brag about your latest doings at times, and you have a lot of pride in your activities.

You believe that the entire world should be aware of them.

Sometimes your bragging can get boring to those around you.

Learning to listen as well as talk is very important for you and acceptance of others is a virtue you must work at.

Scorpio-Leo can be extreme at times.

Your actions and demeanor are usually designed to attract attention and you have a strong sense of the dramatic.

You seldom do things part way.

Try to tone things down occasionally, and give others an opportunity to share the limelight.

You have all of the qualifications needed to realize your goals on a big scale with your leadership ability, brains, and astuteness.

Stop focusing all your thoughts on yourself.

Many Scorpio-Leos may settle for simply wanting earthly pleasures because they are frustrated and bored with the world.

 You are a person of few words.

People see your self-assured bearing and it speaks volumes to them.

However it is astonishing how superstitious you can be at times; reaching out for your favorite good luck charm when in doubt about something.

Privacy is your hallmark.

You are a complete pragmatist with good sense and a deep apprehension of the way the world works.

You are a very sober person who is astute, pragmatic, and determined.

You project a glow of power and self-command and are a natural leader.

You think and act on a large scale because your imagination is wide and inclusive.

As with all individuals who have self-assurance and believe in themselves, you likely feel as though you have a special purpose in life.

After you decide just what that unique goal is, you will go after it with steadfast purpose.

You have the energy, vision and breadth of imagination to accomplish great things, but you always believe you are correct, and this self-satisfied attitude often distorts your judgment and causes you to misplace proper perspective.

In order to not bring personal prejudice into every assessment, learn to be more objective in your approach to living.

You have acute and elusive abilities of thought.

That can make you an awesome sales representative.

You would be good in the field of finance because you are good with money.

Government or the military can use your very imaginative leadership abilities.

Your ambitions and visions can be fulfilled because of your talents.

You are a realist, and even a little cynical, but you have depth and understanding for others.

You do not let anyone know what you may be thinking.

You are nearly always serene and controlled on the outside.

You may stew for a bit when you encounter defeat or frustration, but then you come back refreshed and determined.

The inclination to protect your thoughts, however, and bottle up your feelings, instead of dealing with them honestly and openly, can lead to many mental problems.

You must learn to share freely and without reserve.

Your combination has signs that are fixed, and that gives you a lot of resolve and purpose, but also makes you somewhat stiff and one-sided in your convictions and feelings.

You need to see that your obstinacy and rigidity do not hold back your progress.

 You have some very strong views and beliefs and you certainly know your own mind.

You actually desire to express your beliefs and opinions even though you are reserved and apparently detached.

Maybe you are even a bit too conscious of the world around you at times.

You try for perfection in yourself and others as all Moons in Virgo individuals do.

You run the risk of a being super critical person.

You might be happy to be a faultfinder, and doing basically nothing to help if things are not what you think they should be.

You have the pragmatism and logical abilities of a Virgo with the astuteness, perceptiveness and insight of a Scorpio.

Very little gets past your sharp perception and you are intense, quiet and soft-spoken.

Your sensibility helps you to recognize things that others cannot be aware of.

The conclusions you draw about life can be amazingly accurate.

In addition, you are logical, inquisitive, and discerning so you are a natural detective.

Faultfinding might be turned against yourself, subjecting you to relentless self-examination and disapproval.

If you hope to use your noteworthy talents, you must learn self-acceptance.

As long as you do not lock yourself in an ivory tower, intellectual interests are perfect for the Scorpio-Virgo.

Detective work, investigative reporting and scientific pursuits are good choices.

You desire an active sex life like all Scorpios.

While you were young, however, you may have picked up more than a few inhibitions.

Virgo’s modesty and Puritanism can tone down the full aspect of your extremely sensual nature.

You are able to balance the give-and-take portion of a relationship and in love you are a consistent, loyal and devoted partner if you find the right match.

Begin to appreciate yourself and then you can appreciate others too.

Relax at times and enjoy life for what it is because the world will not always live up to your visions or your high principles.

Just go with the flow more often.

Preaching and moralizing are things you should watch out for because your Virgo Moon gives you a very moral and sometimes holier-than-thou attitude.

You are quite charismatic and people somehow realize that you are fundamentally intelligent.

This is true of your fellow Scorpios.

You are also ambitious and determined.

You probably have a strong sense of duty and obligation and you are fulfilled by work.

Leaving enough free time for enjoyment is important.

 Adaptability and originality moderate everything that you approach.

You have a hard time making firm emotional ties with others.

You try to stay uninvolved and objective about everything all the time so you can have a front of being different than others.

You are never considered as self-important because you are kind, generous and thoughtful to others.

You might feel that you have a special purpose in life like other Taurus-Aquarians do.

You look almost like a visionary or prophet and seem to have a special soul.

This look is in addition to your Taurus look of the strong, determined and sensual type.

You do not merely dream of doing things.

You do them.

You know yourself well because of self-contemplation, so you are able to communicate well with others.

It is a situation of the proverbial “Know Thyself” that was made famous by Socrates and others.

Psychology, sociology and politics are just a few of the many areas where your solid knowledge of your own essence can be applied.

Social scientists as well as members of the scientific community at large have individuals of this combination.

You generally work inside the system because you are, in reality, a mainstream person at heart, even though you see yourself as a maverick.

For the most part this is kind of a pragmatic decision because it works as a rule.

Before undertaking a project of any kind, you have a tendency to do things like take care of monetary resources, because you are ever security conscious like most Taurus people.

A gift or legacy to the human race is actually something many Taurus-Aquarius people worry about and hope to accomplish.

Examples of this going badly, are Nikolai Lenin and Machiavelli.

You are very flexible and accepting of your romantic partner in spite of being a bit possessive.

You are inventive and imaginative in your love life as with life in general.

You tend to have a large sense of your own importance because both of your signs are fixed and this means you are determined and confident.

When things do not go as you planned, you can become temperamental and difficult, because of your fixed sign aspect.

Angry explosions are possible and often irregular and uncalled for, even though you put forward this appearance of being in command most of the time.

  You are intense in your pursuit of a goal once you are clear that it is what you want.

You seek it out directly.

You set out to get your way and nothing, not even most scrupulous people, can stop you.

They dare not even try.

If you want it, then it is right.

That is the nature of a Taurus-Aries.

You could, theoretically, have destructive tendencies, but they are held back by your natural caution.

If you can find a way to justify your self-interest, you can make allowances for others and compromise.

Controlling your own life path and being in charge of your destiny is what you really desire.

You are basically a worldly person who wants to have a secure, comfortable and pleasurable life.

Under your confident and controlled exterior, you are masking your irrationality and unruliness.

To satisfy your desires you need to struggle.

You have some strong desires and you must work very hard.

Yes, you might be caring, polite and gentle to people, but you are your own main concern.

Your basic nature is one of being determined and controlled.

You do not think of spiritual issues.

You take an inventory of what you have and after that you proceed to collect everything possible and acquire all the power and status you can.

As with many things, anxiety and hostility can be dealt with through constructive means such as sports, including tennis, for example.

This does not mean you should try to be more competitive though.

A little competition is fine, but coming out on top is not the meaning of life.

Go exploring for other realms such as the spiritual, psychological and academic.

Find out what life is really about by expanding your perspectives.

It is not merely about possessions.

Do not let prejudice and impulsive behavior be your guide.

Loosen up and open your mind and your heart to the others’ views and feelings.

Furthermore, it is possible for you to achieve this because of your firmness and ability.

You have a great aptitude to persuade people of things and it comes naturally for you.

Your presence sometimes intimidates others.

Temper is among the faults that can get in your way.

Suppressing feelings comes easily for most Taurians, but not for you.

You sometimes quickly get angry and are subject to anxiety, neither of which can be ignored for long.

Working together with others, being patient and tolerant are things you must learn.

   There is an insecurity and restraint about you too.

This results in a person who shows an exterior that is stable, while internally there is insecurity.

There is a gentle kindness in you that attracts others.

You also have a charming and tactful nature to go with it.

You realize that aggression does not work nearly as well as diplomacy.

Handling people well is an inborn trait, as is your almost instant adaptability to situations.

You seem to be on everyone’s side at the same time.

You carry yourself with an air of confidence.

You are controlled in your approach to life and this makes you seem secure.

This combination has a Taurus side that is dedicated, motivated and sensual.

The Cancer aspect shows sensitivity along with imagination.

Caution is necessary if you do not want to lose your own identity in this process of trying to please everyone.

As you move on in age, do not allow yourself to become self-satisfied and smug because a big part of you is easily satisfied with your life.

Push yourself beyond what you see as your limitations and this will surely help round out your life.

It would be a shame to waste your numerous strong points and talents.

Creativity in design or architecture are places you can showcase your wonderful imagination and artistic talents.

However, professions that provide more financial security because of your Moon in Cancer attract you.

Undertaking a career that is a gamble is unlikely because it goes against your basic nature.

The Taurus powers of concentration and the Cancer Moon provide an ability to understand and remember what you have learned.

However, you also keep a ledger grounded in emotions such that you remember every insult, rejection, threat or other circumstance for a very long time.

You pout in preference to discussing your feelings of hurt or anger.

You can become a cynical and sluggish person if you experience a serious emotional setback in the form of rejection.

Obviously, releasing negative feelings like anger is best for you and this means expressing them openly.

Aggression is almost unknown to you because you are a peaceful person.

Luckily, the vast majority of people respond to you kindly because you will probably not come to your own defense.

Occasionally though, it is imperative to state your views.

 You do not allow your personal doubt and worry to take over, but it is there in spite of your many strong points.

This can keep you from putting your talents to good use.

The things you are probably most fearful of are being poor and losing control.

Your strong need for security combined with your need for material things, can easily rule your life.

This is quite unnecessary because you are able to take care of everything you desire and you have the power to do that.

Consequently, your worries are unfounded.

You are a calm person who is kind hearted, sensual and a fun loving spirit like most Taurus individuals.

However there is a strong purpose and strength in your attractive appeal.

You know where you are headed and that is your purpose in life.

You are very witty and can add joy to any conversation.

Unfortunately way deep inside of you is a sadness that almost never comes to the surface.

Leading a more spontaneous life would help you to rid yourself of your fears.

What you really want is inside you and not in mutual funds, bank accounts or a house.

Your varied and appreciated talents and abilities are what you should value.

Becoming psychoneurotic and tyrannical can result from frustration in a Taurus-Capricorn.

The most serious example of such a maladjusted individual was Adolph Hitler.

Saying what you feel is not something you should fear.

It is better to deal with stress or aggression honestly and openly.

You can easily turn this problem around because you are capable of great organizational feats in this area and others.

As a Taurus-Capricorn, you might want to concentrate more on some of your artistic abilities such as music.

Your personality is also absolutely charming and that is an asset.

You are able to deal with the most difficult types of people because of your very persuasive nature being such an advantage.

You have good common sense coupled with stability and wisdom and this draws people to you for advice.

You stand fast with your friends.

You are truehearted and giving.

Feelings of frustration and anger are often bottled up in you because you hold on to them rather than release them.

Talking about these buried emotions can help prevent problems later, such as depressive disorder, anxiousness, paranoia and other psychological issues.

  You need, in fact, to share your opinions and emotions with others and this means that you are a very sociable person who enjoys the company of others.

The fascination with the world around you, oddly enough, is something you may actually be too aware of.

You are a born problem solver.

When a problem appears, you are ready to deal with it.

This combination of signs is pragmatic, worldly and energetic from Taurus, and logical, adaptable and humorous from Gemini.

There exists within you an intuitive vision that is excellent and you do not let things slip by you.

Your acute observation skills allow you to recognize the fake and deceitful.

The new and the exotic are among the things that catch your wide-ranging interests.

It is not easy, however, for you to settle on something, whether it is a job, a romance or even a way of life, which permanently satisfies you.

Popularity, in most cases, is guaranteed, however, a Taurus-Gemini has a charming and vibrant personality.

The areas you know well enough to contribute to and provide innovations to are wide ranging.

Psychology, because of your ability to analyze and understand things, is a possible profession.

Sigmund Freud, the founder of modern psychology, was a Taurus-Gemini.

In addition, technical professions, research or even being a writer are also very real possibilities.

Focus is what you need, because of your numerous opportunities.

You are a bit moody and perhaps aggressive in your relationships.

Your current projects are often left behind the minute you find something new.

Errors and behavior patterns, in a somewhat childlike approach to the world, are often repeated and lessons learned slowly.

Taking a close inventory of your past behavior and trying to discern when you have been at fault or gone wrong is a good idea.

Instead of allowing impulses and momentary fancies to control your life, learn from the past.

Even though you are a Taurus, you know how to release your emotions and express yourself.

This can lead to some issues in your life.

For example, you can be rebellious, find fault and stir up trouble.

You can become a complainer if all you do is examine your environment for the purpose of finding things that you do not like or want to change.

This world is an imperfect place and to not realize that can bring nothing but disappointment.

 You care deeply about the less fortunate even though you have a runaway ego and your spirit is so three dimensional that you can make the most depressed people come alive.

Your own self-respect translates into respect coming from others.

Because you believe in yourself and have confidence, you want to show others how valuing themselves can help them.

You are uniquely outgoing and have a powerful character; probably more so than anyone you know.

The admiration you get from others and the fact that they are in your social sphere is, you believe, something they are fortunate to share.

You exude optimism and excitement even though you might be eccentric, self-righteous and opinionated.

One thing you are not is boring.

You see things for yourself and have an ambitious and independent character.

You are not in need of verification from others because of your belief in yourself.

You stick to things and that includes your opinions.

Intuition is often your guide, but it is generally correct.

If you have decided on something, you refuse to change your mind.

This can lead to inflexibility if you are not careful.

An effort to keep an open mind is required.

Your judgment and actions must not be impaired by prejudices.

Open your ears and listen to others.

Attempt to be a little more humble and restrain your pride.

In addition you are very practical.

Fun for you entails at least a measure of showmanship and drama.

This can take the most mundane activity and turn it into a Broadway play.

Being noticed is the name of the game and you behave accordingly, replete with dress and the appropriate actions.

While you have an inborn feeling of superiority, you are, at the same time, very compassionate, kind and generous to others.

You have a lot of determination and the motivation to follow through and reach your goals, because both your sun and moon signs are fixed.

Compromising is another matter, and that is very difficult for you.

Plainly put, it is your way or no way.

Frustration brings your temper to a boil when you do not get what you want.

Cooperation is always helpful, no matter how independent you are.

A sense of conviviality when you work can bring out the tremendous creative power within you.

And Taurus-Leo definitely has the potential for great innovation.

There is a born show person in you and you love to utilize it.

 People are drawn to your charismatic personality, worldly common sense and sensitivity.

Respect and equality are things that you give to all.

Your signs show a just and fair individual on the Libra side and a wise person on the Taurus side.

All Taurus-Libra people are thought of as being kind and decent.

If you have difficulties, often the best way for you to handle them is by relaxing in natural surroundings.

A beguiling and even-tempered person is the result of this double Venus sign combination.

There is a special calmness about you that suggests serenity as well as peace.

Stress and anxiety are essentially unknown to you and this results in an elegant and extroverted personal magnetism.

Hidden behind the smile is an uneasy tension.

Socializing is of great significance to you because, as a native of the Moon in Libra, your vision of yourself is a result of how others perceive you.

Fresh air and a country environment are just what you need when the tension and confusion of life become overwhelming.

Due to your low threshold for tension, you require more relaxation and recreation than most people.

Your peer group has a significant influence on you, so it is very helpful to befriend those who work at success and fulfillment.

Virgo and Capricorns are known for being ambitious types and being around them would be great.

Stick to your goals and objectives and do not take the easy way out.

You have a fantastic imagination and are very talented.

Design, drama, and of the arts are real possibilities for excelling.

Endless diversionary activities and entertainment are needed because you have an internal uneasiness that keeps you on the move.

The problem is that you do not have a good sense of direction in this regard.

You need to establish priorities and goals that you stick to.

The easygoing and pleasurable are your preference over the stress and tension in the modern and competitive world.

This is true of all those ruled by Venus, but eliminating the challenging also diminishes the rewards.

Your urge for the easy life often wins out over true self-fulfillment and the fact that you are determined enough and lucky enough to be successful at almost anything.

A more assertive mindset is needed if you want to be successful in your profession.

 Your sensitive nature pertaining to stressful states of affairs means it is hard for you to learn from others even though you are very capable.

Your persona is goal-directed, courageous and abiding, but you find it extremely difficult to live up to that perspective.

You are tempted to bury your head in the sand when people actually expect you to live up to that view of you.

This is because you have a fear of failure.

The first thing to learn is to accept yourself.

You have a gentle approach to life for a Taurus, but a great deal of depth.

You are gentle and this combination wins admiration.

The spiritual and artistic are in your realm and you are the most imaginative of all the Taurus combinations.

This is an interesting combination of the tender and poetic inspiration of a Pisces along with the experience and wisdom of the Taurus.

The thought of hurting others is painful to you.

Your primary challenge in life will be to overcome your self-consciousness.

You should see it as an asset that you have such a sensitive emotional nature and develop a compassion for yourself.

Disapproval and frustration with yourself will not do any good.

Choosing your friends is quite important because you are a highly malleable person who is easily influenced.

Romantic areas make this all the more the case because it would be unfortunate to be dominated by a highly aggressive individual who insists on pushing you around.

Long-term happiness is quite important and the Taurus-Pisces woman should be especially careful about marrying too young.

Be certain that whomever you marry can understand your sensitive, kind and gentle being and treat you accordingly.

Lastly, leave fantasyland behind and take a journey to the real world.

Open up and communicate freely with those around you in order to release your smothered feeling.

You have so much to offer, why keep it inside yourself? Self-renewal is always available to you and you have the usual perseverance of a Taurus.

Faith is renewing for natives of the Pisces Moon and they can acquire strength that way.

Rather than denying your spiritual assets, improve them.

A beautiful unfolding of your creative abilities will take place when you toss aside your prohibitions.

A famous Taurus-Pisces native is Leonardo da Vinci.

He is a remarkable artistic and spiritual person who exemplifies the possibilities of this combination.

 Originality and exotica are among your wide-ranging interests.

You have difficulty finding things that hold your interest.

Your indecisiveness includes nearly everything from a spouse or job.

You are ready to leave for greener pastures the minute boredom sets in, and that usually happens fast.

This, unfortunately, negatively impacts your goals.

Both signs of this combination are spring signs, so you never lose your fresh and youthful appearance.

Making the same mistakes repeatedly is often a pattern for you.

You always have answer to an issue or quandary the moment it arises.

The mixture here is of Gemini who has a logical, adaptable and witty character and a Taurus who is pragmatic, energetic and temporal.

Very little goes unnoticed by you because you are very discerning and observant.

The born detective in you can see a deceitful person almost right away.

You search your environment out of a deep inner uneasiness.

An assessment of your past actions would be a wise idea.

Do not be governed by impulses of the moment, but rather base your decisions and behavior on what you have learned from the past.

You are, in spite of being a Taurus, very expressive and do not hold in your emotions.

Almost any area of endeavor would benefit from your numerous talents, which you can apply so realistically.

Sigmund Freud, a Taurus Gemini combination, shows the ability to be a detective of sorts.

His analytic ability is one you have as well, and consequently publishing, research or technological professions could be for you.

Because you will probably have so many opportunities, your main concern might be on narrowing down your choices.

You are a bit moody and somewhat belligerent in your relationships.

You need a place to share your thoughts and emotions socially because communication is one of your basic outlets.

You seem, on a more critical note, to be a little too aware of the macrocosm around you.

You are also a bit of a troublemaker and faultfinder.

It disturbs you if things do not hold up to careful examination because you are in search of perfection both in others as well as yourself.

If you do not find it, you are critical, disenchanted and a bore.

The Taurus Gemini combination is generally outgoing and has a vibrant nature that guarantees true popularity.

 When you were young, you were probably an explorer, investigating your surroundings because you are a courageous and sensual mixture.

Over the years, a feeling of incertitude began to influence you and you became lethargic.

Expressing your feelings is somewhat difficult for you.

You have a powerful need to let go of your passions at times, but you fear that if you do, they would become all consuming.

You are a very sober minded individual even by Taurus standards.

Everything around you is viewed with an acute and gravely serious eye.

You are a loner and do not want others involved too much in your life, because you are mistrustful and tightlipped.

There is a high level of suspicion in you and this can reach paranoid levels when you start thinking that others have a plot against you.

You walk around at times as though there was a very serious and dire concern on your mind.

You have a profoundly negative view of humanity and virtually smirk when you read something unfortunate in the newspaper that confirms your notion that our planet is evil.

Essentially, you try to conceal your inner being.

There are a handful of manifestations that result from stifling your emotions.

Application of your energy can be utilized in numerous areas.

You have a wonderfully creative vision and art, either as an avocation or even a profession, is possible.

In the realm of business you are very clever and can be successful there too.

Furthermore, you can spot misrepresentation and shallowness because of your excellent intuition.

As with most Taurus people, you have an emphatic personality that makes you known and frequently dreaded.

Going about your life in a contemptuous, sulking fashion and being fundamentally inarticulate can be the result.

Another possibility is that you become tempestuous and turn to damaging habits.

There is a prospect that you will take out your belligerency on others.

These things are only possibilities.

Release is important and that means being more believing, as well as expressing yourself without censorship.

Opening up to others is not something to fear because you are a friendly, giving person who can be forthright with others.

Having made a decision, you have a great deal of self-command and resoluteness along with the ability to surmount most problems or obstacles.

  Your thought-out comments, although infrequent, are almost always heeded because of your directness.

You have an uncanny ability to be accurate, truthful and frank.

Beneath your calm exterior you are totally confident and do not lack for ambition.

Once you undertake something, you do not stop until it is clear to all that you have mastered it to your own satisfaction.

Bumps in the road are dealt with in a calm and patient fashion and you are not moved if you encounter a roadblock.

Your self-respect translates into respect from others.

You have a built-in self-confidence but are real about it and that presence speaks volumes.

You know you have ability and there is no need to broadcast it.

Even though you are skeptical about things that are not one of them, your worldly success is guaranteed by confidence, but also your patience.

If anyone mistakes you for being slow, they are fooling themselves.

Your distaste for the superficial and trivial make you seem antisocial, but you are just a good observer.

Your ultimate place in the scheme of life is to be your own boss and this will happen slowly but surely.

You love to have a lot of responsibility and you gain great joy and purpose in life from your work.

Open expression of your feelings is also suggested as a release valve.

Talking about your feelings and not being so inhibited does not mean that we should never be controlled in our approach.

But everyone needs to let go sometimes.

Common sense is also one of your good qualities and this results in a practical and easy solution to many of the dilemmas in life that baffle people sometimes.

Occasionally everyone gets fed up and this is true of you as well, especially relative to your friends’ faults.

Complete determination and dedication are the only ways you know in terms of approaching a challenge.

It is likely that you feel a connection with nature because both of your signs are earth signs.

You are satisfied living most places, but you are a natural type person and you would, at the very least, need to visit natural areas for peace of mind.

Like most Taurus people, you almost never get angry, but this is sometimes because you stuff your anger down.

Unfortunately, this can result in assorted psychological issues.

Tension always needs to be released through positive avenues to release the steam.

 You have a worldly mental framework that is filled with wisdom and experience.

This means that others frequently want you to advise them because you are so good at it.

Unfailingly, your counsel is logical and thought out well.

It is based on logical principles combined with pragmatism.

You have an acute method of thinking that can analyze and penetrate to the core of issues.

You can readily put your plans into action because you are a perfectionist who insists on preciseness in quality.

Taurus-Virgo individuals are superb planners.

You are smooth and easy going in all things.

You have a character that is even-tempered and self-confident.

Your dedication and ability to use the resources at hand mean others admire you and they are drawn to you.

The result is that you have a clear path through life stemming from your significant balance of pragmatism and dedication to the tasks you face.

Plainly put, you know what you are doing.

Wasting your time on fantasies or daydreams is not something you do.

Simply contemplating action does not work.

You would rather act on your ideas, seeing that as the only way to accomplish your goals.

You are a supremely serene person and recognize that life is not always smooth sailing.

You ride the waves and never get upset with the routine workings of events.

You easily move beyond the few barriers that life puts in your way because you are a determined person with a lot of self-control.

Passivity will only lead to lethargy and laziness.

Big responsibility and stiff competition are where you are at your very best.

Management and administration are quite suited to your character.

Verbally, you are well spoken, extremely persuasive and destined to produce results.

Organization and long term planning are among your numerous abilities.

If there is a weakness in this area, it would be a lack of imagination and creativity.

Self-satisfaction is one of the few challenges you will face.

Coupled with this is the fact that you might sit by and observe the world and all its problems and be tempted to not use your strength to accomplish what you are capable of.

Who you associate with can have an influence on your life choices and that only increases the temptation to be complacent.

You need to be alive and active in your surroundings.

   You have a passion for adventure and excitement.

Your activities and interests are made for the scientific and the conceptual as well as people and social campaigns, the uncharted and the unfamiliar This is because the logical and careful Virgo has a humanitarian and visionary Aquarian Moon that is creative and curious.

This means your dreams and ambitions, are both extensive and offbeat.

Mentally and spiritually you are a maverick and a pacesetter, but like most Virgos you might reside and work in a conformist setting.

Your faraway look makes you different from other natives of your sign, and suggests shenanigans and revolt, even though you may look in some ways like a mild-mannered Virgo.

Your quick motions and gestures show your need for diversity no matter how reserved and careful you may appear to some.

You enjoy observing others from afar and are objective and quite insightful.

Your feelings about people are amazingly on target and they fascinate you.

There are occasions when those around you feel more like objects in a scientific test than real friends because you are so objective and detached.

You treat everyone with thoughtfulness and deference.

Your real fondness is usually just for social causes, ideals, or scientific projects.

You think that love embraces all of humanity, not just a few.

You need a lot of freedom and autonomy on the job in order to stay content and concerned.

Your combination is perfect for scientific success.

Besides technological pursuits, you can do well in education, psychology, social activism, and unusual areas like astrology and the occult.

Your talent of detaching yourself from things is perfect for humane pursuits such as nursing, medicine, and the clergy.

You mostly feel a strong connection with charitable and humanitarian undertakings in general.

As with all Virgos, work is extremely important to you, but enchantment is the key to your combination.

You instantly become restless and perplexed if drudgery or boredom or sets in.

Specialization is the nature of this combination.

You are primarily interested in mastering one thing even though your pursuits and dreams involve a broad and creative spectrum.

There is no stopping your dedication once you have discovered the area that interests you most, because you have the logical strengths and accuracy of the Virgo, as well as the innovation and pioneering spirit of the Aquarian.

 For an easygoing and timid Virgo, or anyone else for that matter, to live up to that astonishing self-image, is impossible.

Self-acceptance is one of the first lessons you must learn in life.

You are a lot of the great things you believe you are, but there is no need to be a fearless a daredevil to prove yourself.

There is no reason to get upset with yourself when carefulness or reasonable sense stop you from commencing whimsical and dangerous adventures.

You are dapper and forceful in your dreams, but actually you are not really that certain or heroic.

You were probably shocked when you first recognized you were not the champion you had always believed you were.

When it was time to realize your fantasies, you may have had the courage and strength to plan, but you immediately hesitated and got insecure.

The issue is always whether to relax and let whatever happens happen or to just go ahead and do it.

Aries has an inner character that is fervent, aggressive, and fearless while Virgo is conservative, careful, and shy.

There are plenty of more normal ways to find exhilaration.

Because you are very perceptive and very astute, big business can be exciting for you.

You gain great gratification and satisfaction from hard work, as do all Virgos.

You are hardworking and honest and combine industrious enthusiasm with attention to detail and common sense.

You do, however, need work that challenges you.

Aries’ inner being is always uneasy and rejects drudgery and boredom.

You are never fearful of asserting yourself when your hunches tell you to grab an advantage or try a bold venture, even though your Virgo character will always be incisive and conservative.

Exactitude and flawlessness are your goals, and respect and allegiance your standards.

You are inclined to take personal matters very seriously, but you do have a sense of humor.

Extreme anger and occasionally retaliation can come about with insults to your self-regard or pride.

Your mood can he temperamental with cold assessments of others, and even though accurate, tend to be serious.

Dealing with your moods is one of the most difficult aspects for you to know how to do.

Sometimes, before you take the time to think about it, because you cannot restrain your anger, it is unleashed with lightning speed.

Because you are mentally astute, even without realizing it, you soak up the stress and antagonism around you.

Give yourself a chance to relax, have fun, and meditate if you want to stay more in control.

 You are always in danger of falling into some fantasy and isolating yourself, and you are hurt easily and bothered by the tiniest tension around you.

If you were raised in difficult or disagreeable surroundings, this is particularly true.

You may have acquired unwarranted fears, neuroses, or paranoia that can be difficult to get rid of later in your life.

You will be among those who inherit the earth if it is true that the meek will be included.

You are, however an impatient person who will not wait long.

You also happen to be very practical in your nature.

Of all the Virgo combinations, yours is maybe the most sympathetic and gentle, and like all very giving and sensitive people, you have a lot gifts and abilities that can find useful expression.

Sadly timidity, reserve, and self-consciousness are the most incapacitating obstructions you come across on the way to fulfillment.

You can establish big walls of defense to protect yourself from a world you comprehend as uncaring.

You can constantly guard your fragile feelings.

The world, surely, is not as bad as you think it is.

Most of your doubts and fears exist strictly in your mind or are left over from childhood, if you stop to think about it.

It is not always simple for you to understand or tolerate dissonance with that mild, generous nature of yours.

It is consequently important that you associate with people who brighten up your world and make it seem less menacing.

After learning to be more assertive, more means of expression will be available to you.

Virgo-Cancers can be good in medicine, the ministry, and service fields because they have compassionate desires.

You can be clever and are an excellent organizer, so business is also open to you.

Be careful in your love life.

Do not allow yourself to get absorbed by a bossy partner who takes away your identity.

You are kind and giving by nature and this is appreciated by most.

Learn to be assertive and less afraid of the unknown rather, than running away from dangers and challenges.

Eventually you should find it simple to purge yourself of your worries if you try to understand their cause.

Determine whether your close relationships are allowing you to grow or not.

You rely a lot on the views and moods of those around you because you are impressionable.

 From a youthful age, you knew exactly what you desired, and you went after it systematically and with complete self-assurance.

Any difficulties, handicaps or obstructions you may run into, your strong mind and inner fortitude can deal with.

You are a paradigm of independence and self-sufficiency.

Pragmatic and sensible, you believe your future is squarely in your own hands.

You hate whining and pessimism, and have no patience for those who partake in it.

While your combination is one of the most favorable to worldly achievement and status, it is one of the hardest of all Virgo combinations to live with.

Your responsibility, determination and dedication to duty are equal to your powers of management and concentration.

The tunnel vision pursuit of authority and success are Virgo's aim and exactness, accuracy, and administration are focused upon those goals.

You need to be ready to survive and win because the world to you is a Darwinian battle for survival.

In social situations .you still seem as shy and benign as a Iamb, even though you are tar more outgoing than most Virgos.

You are an intense observer and never miss a detail.

When confronted, however, you can let go of your normal soft-spoken manner and become supremely furious.

Your tolerance has very defined limitations even though you may think of yourself as calm.

A real challenge is keeping your temper in control.

You are drawn to managerial and administrative vocations where you can get the authority and status you want.

Law and engineering are good as well as professions that require more education.

You are thoughtful, reserved, and quite tender, because the toughness so often apparent in Moon in Capricorn natives is dampened when combined with Virgo.

But you are hard and very gung ho at home or at work.

Your notion of justice may be another person’s notion of totalitarianism.

However, in your quest for power and rank, you will not be unjust or engage in cruel or unethical schemes.

There is no understanding or lenience for anyone who fails to live up to your almost impossible expectations.

Being less judgmental is something you need to learn.

Try a little more compassion for human limitations.

Keep in mind that not everyone has your strength and ability.

Your mind is extremely powerful and incisive with the logic and organization you have.

You are able to present a line of reasoning with such lucidity and reason that few can disagree.

  People do not realize just how sensitive you actually are.

If you know mythology, you remember that Mercury controls communication and the intellect, and both of the signs of your mixture are ruled by Mercury.

So you have a continuing need to articulate your latest, often ingenious, thoughts as well as a brilliant mind.

However, frequently you use your intelligence to rationalize your troubles and feelings.

You strive to keep your emotions under control so you can avoid getting hurt, because you are sensitive and vulnerable.

You are cool and collected as well as reserved.

There is a perception of aloofness about you.

It is not simple to stimulate your earnest feelings or bring out the passion you so cleverly hide behind your remote and intellectual exterior.

Discontent and anxiety will just come about by divorcing yourself from your feelings.

Openness is better for your well-being.

Do not let your intelligence determine every step you take, no matter how very brilliant you may be.

Let go of your cares and worries once in a while, and allow enthusiasm and feelings to show themselves.

Not much gets past your very observant eye or analytical mind.

You set demanding values for yourself and strive for perfection in your life and work.

You are rather direct in pointing out the flaws of others and that need to articulate your thoughts and impressions makes you do just that.

Virgo-Gemini can get overcritical when faced with those who do not meet their standards.

You have got to become less of a cynic and to learn to be more open-minded.

If it is helpfully given, others will be grateful for your criticism, because your observations on human nature can be astonishingly accurate.

Plainly put, you are not particularly romantic, but you do enjoy companionship and a person to share your ideas with.

You are usually attracted to those who can give you mental stimulation and physical love.

You are more than likely working too hard to keep up with them.

You are the one sitting in the front row in the classroom, taking profuse notes and asking the most relevant questions.

At work, you are always on time and precise in carrying out your duties and responsibilities.

You try to do the utmost of your capabilities and are dedicated and sincere, but at times you push yourself too hard.

Nervous anxiety and edginess often bother the Virgo-Gemini.

Do not set such unreachable standards for yourself, and attempt to relax sometimes.

It is too bad, with your exceptional perception, that you generally see error before you see merit.

  You are puzzled when you meet others who do not have your righteousness because you are deeply honest.

Your supremely moral character is admired, but it will not bring success.

Consequently, in life you have strength of mind, and start out in order to prove your value and merit.

It is you who always works extra and never asks for recompense.

Virgos with a Leo Moon are dependable, moral, and idealistic; they are known for being compassionate, moral, and caring.

The two combined result in fundamental goodness.

You were a perfect child and your mother never had to ask you to be a good girl or boy.

You are innocent, charming and always ready to help with the chores.

You lead your life by a code that the modern world is leaving behind; one that is innocent, cheerful and warm.

By doing the most difficult and often least desirable projects, you are the one who shows loyalty.

This helps you live up to your moral code and without infringing on anyone’s territory.

You do not often take full credit for all the great things you achieve and while you are dignified, you are also truly humble.

You see others more cunning than you, pass by and get all the honors, while you, innocent to the actual realities of life, watch speechlessly.

Understanding the world better would help you.

Demand the acknowledgment you deserve and stand up for yourself.

Be a little less naive in your dealings with people and have a sense of reality.

You love fun more than your other Virgos and are much more spontaneous.

You need to be careful of your tendency to moralize.

If you do not like the treatment you have been given, you may become bitter.

Your sense of justice is almost self- righteous.

There is actually no need for you to preach because your many wonderful assets make you a person others admire.

You are probably mixed up by quickly changing sexual morals, because you are as inexperienced in love as you are in other parts of your life.

Your intuition is accurate and usually guides you well, but you are always ready to listen to others.

Your Leo Moon gives you a strong creative motivation and you have a powerful autonomous streak.

Be sure that your abilities are not held back in a mundane job even if you are drawn to a predictable and ordered working and living situation.

Your virtue and charm attract people.

You treat people with respect and acceptance because you are thoughtful, even-tempered, and forbearing.

 You are natural diplomat because of your friendly good nature and tactful approach.

Standing in your way is self-consciousness.

It is hard for you to comprehend the aggressive approach of other people because you are not the pushy type.

You are vulnerable to other individual’s moods as are all natives of a Moon in Libra.

Therefore, if your work or living conditions are less than calm, you may withdraw into yourself, or go into fantasies and castles in the air for quiet and peace of mind.

You probably had a hideaway where you could think and be alone when you were young.

Everyone appreciates your composed style and laid-back disposition.

You are essentially a gentle, calm, and refined person.

With skill, charm, and delicate persuasion you can convince anyone to come to your side.

You have a truly unique manner with people.

You have to understand, as an adult, you need to deal with the starkness of reality.

Running away all the time is not an option.

Everyone needs serenity from time to time, so it might be a good idea for you to do yoga or meditation.

Find peace in nature by taking country walks and simplifying your surroundings as much as you can.

This will let you be able to make your own happiness in spite of the troubles in the world.

You are romantic and possess a sharp artistic sense.

When selecting a partner, you place value on physical magnetism.

Compatibility is something that needs emphasized to be in your selection too.

Your romantic associations can easily be out of balance with you doing all the giving and your mate doing nothing but taking.

Be certain that your partner has your understanding and can give you the emotional back up and boost you need.

People may simply believe you are introverted and may not know your fears.

However, being shy is frequently an excuse for not dealing with the opportunities and challenges that life offers.

Do not refuse outlets for yourself and your talents.

Use your will power to alter and redesign your fate.

Do not be so reliant on those around you and make yourself do things.

The hidden abilities you have may be a surprise to you.

You are very perceptive and logical and have an understanding and insight, which is extremely precise and can be profound.

Your astuteness and penetration can assist people in the courtroom or hospital or in fields like counseling, social work and management.

 You interact with people openly, and they generally give the same in return.

You are dependable, demonstrative, understanding and sincere.

You are not an antagonistic sort and are aware there is not much you can do to change things even though your sensitivity makes you painfully aware of the evil and unfairness in the world.

You adjust yourself to a difficult life and try to hold on to your principles.

Subtle persuasion is one of your talents.

You use your gifts of delicacy and tact to gain the comforts you enjoy so much because you understand the importance of security.

Your calm and sophisticated manner is hard for people to resist.

You have an inner peace that others would love to have and are mild, soft-spoken, and very sensitive.

Experience has most likely taught you that goodness, compassion, and honesty succeed where aggression and toughness fail.

You are a good student in this regard.

You find purpose in your work like most Virgos, and in your profession you are devoted and sincere.

You run the risk of not doing what you are capable of, because your combination is essentially passive.

You just cannot stand to be with aggressive people because you have a quiet and tender nature.

To keep your peace of mind and vision, it is vital for you to get away for contemplation regularly.

Quiet kinds of recreation, study and meditation are perfect for you.

For a lot of Virgo-Pisces people, faith is a real means of self-renewal.

You may have an artistic career because of your vision and aesthetic nature.

Service oriented areas like law, medicine and social work are areas you can do well in.

You have a powerful imagination and many cerebral and creative gifts that can find pragmatic expression, so do not let your talent lie sleeping.

Learn to take a few of gambles sometimes.

You may give way to serious depression and nervousness if you do not learn to feel satisfied in your career.

Some fear that usually has no foundation in reality is unusually the root cause.

Your emotional well- being is affected by your environments.

Your mood tends to subconsciously soak up the feelings of those near you.

Be sure to give yourself a home and professional environment that is as free of strife as possible in order to have stability.

 Your being is either the rebellious adventurer who listens to the inner voice or allows the Virgo to be the boss and settles for the devoted and responsible approach, but as a highly frustrated traditionalist.

The balance of Virgo-Sagittarius people compromise by working in an integrated and formal framework, but keeping a bold, impulsive spirit.

You have a strong autonomous aspect and high standards.

Your Sagittarius Moon makes you a lover of freedom and a rebel; someone who is impulsive and adventurous.

On the other hand, the Virgo Sun leads you to be careful, tolerant, quiet and methodical.

These are very diverse signs, which lead to a multifaceted and interesting person, but one who is mixed up.

When setting your goals and defining your beliefs and life-style, you are never certain which part of your twin personality should be in charge.

You believe you ought to be your own boss and this is probably correct.

Being an independent businessperson is a good choice for Virgo-Sagittarius.

No matter what you choose for your profession, your work behavior always shows a Virgo's realism and administration, together with the Sagittarius fervor and nerve.

Impulsiveness at times, counteracts your best attempts.

A full social life and a lot of outside interests are very important.

You will surprise yourself and just move on one day if you let your attachment to your job make you feel restricted.

You have a powerful need to express your feelings and beliefs and are very humorous, but there is also a leaning toward speaking out and being blunt with off the cuff comments.

You may at times, because of this, disaffect those very close to you.

You should attempt to think about the feelings of others before you speak.

As wonderful as they may be, keeping your thoughts to yourself is sometime better.

Your success in life is helped by your persuasive, charming manner, which draws people to you.

There are times when you fancy testing your luck, use intuition, or go with some amorous or daring notion even though you seem to be fairly unworried most of the time.

If you feel you are somewhat restricted or controlled by work, marriage or life-style, this yearning will overcome you.

At the first sign of boredom or drudgery you get fidgety.

By being sure your pursuits and work offer the exhilaration and variety you require, you can learn to manage that unpredictable nature of yours.

  You are essentially pretty hard-hitting, and you know your mind even though you might seem soft-spoken and mild to others.

All your determination and confidence has a price because you are made to keep your emotions in check a lot of the time.

You have sharp and often amazingly correct perceptions.

Intuition is how you judge others and that method is extremely accurate in your case.

You prefer hiding your own being while you are going around judging your friends and co-workers.

You possess a quiet intellectual approach to life that hides your true nature.

You are mysterious, sensual, very passionate and intense.

Most of your decisions are grounded on your hunches and intuition regardless of how calm and logical you try to seem.

Favoritism and passion generally are the primary decision makers in your dealing even if reason and logic are in the mix.

You know and go after what you want in life.

You are determined and a hard worker.

Very few actually know whether you are troubled or ecstatic, because your persona almost always remains cool, removed, and unswerving.

Not many appreciate your real sensitivity and depth because you are so good at presenting that detached facade.

Try to express yourself with more vigor and be more forthright with your emotions.

Refrain from being so supremely rational about everything, and let passion take you away from time to time.

The Virgo-Scorpio combination is well suited to social service, medicine and government.

Business is also a possibility.

Romantically, you are jealous and controlling and act as if you possess your partner.

This can bring about endless problems.

You often point out your lover’s failings in a tactless manner, and therefore you may be inadvertently cruel, even with all the perception you have.

You can be quite sensual and giving, however, if you are truly in love.

You may reason yourself and your real feeling out of existence.

Your satisfaction comes through work as with most Virgos.

Frequently, it is everything to you and replaces relationships and recreation.

Make sure you have some interests outside work not involving what you do nine-to-five if you want to avoid becoming a workaholic.

You may have revolutionary concepts and secretly desire to apply change even though you are professionally drawn to the conservative and conventional.

You are able to bring modernization and inventiveness to your work.

 Your value system is old-fashioned, conservative and strong.

But, indeed, old fashioned is frequently the best approach for the Virgo-Taurus.

People often turn to you because the counsel you give out is always sensible and well thought out.

They can feel your worldly understanding and experience.

This might be the most well- rounded of all the Virgo combinations.

You are tranquil, easy going but also determined.

There is not much you cannot accomplish in life after making up your mind that you want to do it.

You are paradigm of resolve, character and pragmatism with a nature that is accountable, genuine and dependable.

It is not very difficult to tell you have a soft heart even though sometimes you try to seem severe, harsh, and demanding.

Regrettably, you see your compassion as a flaw and you always try to conceal it behind that a seemingly uncaring exterior.

Fortunately for you, most individuals know what you are doing.

You are an individual that others imitate because of your commitment, sincerity, and honesty.

Too much ease in doing things is the only thing you must be cautious about.

A good thing for the cautious Virgo-Taurus is travel.

Business and finance are good professions for you.

What you are especially good at are long-term projects that require fortitude and practicality.

You can be excellent at administration, finance and management and you are also a terrific organizer.

You are reliable and consistent in love and you look for those traits in a partner.

Once you are married, you will most likely remain married.

The ease and constancy of home life are very central to the Virgo-Taurus.

This will always play a role in your self-identity.

There are few serious barriers in your life because Virgo-Taurus is a very harmonious mixture.

You take the chance of falling into self-satisfaction in spite of all your ingenuity and work ethic if you are not careful.

You are inclined to resist any modifications or innovations due to that traditional approach of yours.

Be aware of changing life-styles and new concepts.

New experiences help you gain insight, so learn to take a few chances.

Try to expand your friendships and your social circles.

You tend to play it safe here too, keeping your associations to those who are a lot like you.

Occasionally, you should make an effort to open up a bit to new people.

  You have unrivaled abilities to remember facts and analyze data.

Sporadically, you remove that humble appearance and argue or express a viewpoint that is so logical, clear, and precise that others do not even dare to disagree with you.

Double Virgos often unnerve individuals with their piercing stares.

Their comprehension and insight into other people is extremely accurate too.

Practically nothing escapes your notice.

From the reserved librarian to the genius analyst and administrator, there are many types of double Virgos, but they all share two qualities: you are far tougher than they appear to others and they are quite insightful.

Others can feel that core of resolve and purpose through the timid, reserved, and kind person you are on the outside.

There is almost nothing you cannot do after you have made up your mind, because you are flexible, systematic and vigorous.

You have also an exceptionally gifted mental ability.

You aim criticism most harshly at yourself, but like most Virgos, you are inclined to see faults and errors nearly everywhere and in everyone.

Do not stunt your emotional growth with self-criticism.

Living up to the lofty standards you apply for yourself is almost impossible.

Instead of getting upset about your faults and endlessly placing yourself under such scrutiny, learn to value your talents, strengths and virtues.

It would be wise to try to have a bit self-love at times.

Your need to help and assist others may attract you into social service areas such as the clergy, medicine or political activism.

Self-fulfillment and happiness are found in work, as with all Virgos.

It is critical that your career apply your unique talents.

Leo Tolstoy and Lyndon Johnson are good examples of natives of your combination.

You are very flexible and always accept advice and reason because both signs in your combination are mutable signs.

Using your mind and your strong determination will take you where you want to go.

You have a lot difficulty dealing with betrayal and deceit because you are basically compassionate, kind and thoughtful.

Your bravery and perseverance helps you to live and prosper in a difficult world even with all your innocence.

You think you can control anything with your intellect and the application of your inner strength.

Relative to a profession, you have an aptitude in all areas that need thorough analysis, accuracy, and exactness.

A lot of double Virgos are fine academics, writers and journalists because of their powerful intellects.

 